As long as you think your past is bad you must be improving --Louis C.K
It's okay to have a bad day --Unknown
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The difference is discipline weighs ounces while regret weighs tons. --Jim Rohn
A ship in the harbor is safe. But that's not what ships are for. --Unknown
You have survived every single bad day so far --Unknown
Please pay attention very carefully, because this is the truest thing a stranger will ever say to you: In the face of such hopelessness as our eventual, unavoidable death, there is little sense in not at least TRYING to accomplish all your wildest dreams in life. --Kevin Smith
At the age of 18, I made up my mind to never have another bad day in my life. I dove into a endless sea of gratitude from which I've never emerged. --Patch Adams
When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor. --Elon Musk
Look in the MIRROR... That's your COMPETITION. --Unknown
BE STRONG You never know who you are inspiring --Unknown
The greatest success stories were created by people who recognized a problem & turned it into an opportunity. --Joseph Sugarman
I never wake up today with yesterday's problems. --Anthony Saleh
If you're going through hell, KEEP GOING. --Winston Churchill
Fear stops people from accomplishing their goals. --Unknown
The boundary between what can be and your life, is your ideas --Pat Waldron
Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad. Let God deal with the things they do, cause hate in your heart will consume you too. --Will Smith
There are three rules. 1. If you do not go after what you want, you will never have it. 2. If you do not ask, the answer will always be no. 3. If you do not step forward, you will remain in the same place. --Unknown
If people are not laughing at your goals, your goals are too small --Asim Premji
There are many wonderful things that will never be done if you do not do them. --Charles D Gill
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world. --Dr. Suess
It's never too late to be whoever you want to be. I hope you live a life you're proud of, And if you find that you're not, I hope you have the strength to start over. --F. Scott Fitzgerald
Just because you took longer than others, doesn't mean you failed. --Unknown
If you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint', then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced. --Vincent Van Gogh
Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth --Muhammad Ali
One of the hardest decision you'll ever face in life is choosing whether to walk away or try harder. --Ziad K. Abdelnour
Don't worry if people don't like you. Most people are struggling to like themselves. --Unknown
Note to self: Keep going. You're doing great. You might not be where you want to be yet, but that's okay. Just take it one step at a time and keep believing in yourself. And remember: No matter what happens, you can still enjoy your life and be happy. --Lori Deschene
People have a way of becoming what you encourage them to be, not what you nag them to be. --Scudder N. Parker
I am only one, but I am one. I cannot do everything, but I can do something. And I will not let what I cannot do interfere with what I can do. --Edward Everett Hale
Don't wait for your feelings to change to take the action. Take the action and your feelings will change. --Barbara Baron
Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing flawlessly. --Robert H. Schuller
Begin doing what you want to do now. We are not living in eternity. We have only this moment, sparkling like a star in our hand-and melting like a snowflake. --Francis Bacon Sr.
Always concentrate on how far you've come, rather than how far you have left to go. --Unknown
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save. --Will Rogers
It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward. --Proverb
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. --William James
Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is. --H. Jackson Browne
To have striven, to have made the effort, to have been true to certain ideals - this alone is worth the struggle. --William Penn
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action. --Benjamin Disraeli
What matters is the value we've created in our lives, the people we've made happy and how much we've grown as people. --Daisaku Ikeda
A diamond is just a piece of charcoal that handled stress exceptionally well. --Unknown
Think like a man of action; act like a man of thought. --Henri L. Bergson
If you get up one more time than you fall, you will make it through --Chinese Proverb
He is able who thinks he is able. --Buddha
No matter how hard the past, you can always begin again. --Buddha
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving. --Einstein
Excellence can be obtained if you care more than others think is wise, risk more than others think is safe, dream more than others think is practical, expect more than others think is possible. --Unknown
Don't fear failure so much that you refuse to try new things. The saddest summary of life contains three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have. --Unknown
From small beginnings come great things. --Proverb
Don't be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams. --Unknown
More powerful than the will to win is the courage to begin. --Unknown
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. --Ralph Waldo Emerson
Fear is a natural reaction to moving closer to the truth. --Pema Chodron
Commitment in the face of conflict produces character. --Unknown
Don't let today's disappointments cast a shadow on tomorrow's dreams. --Unknown
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them --Bruce Lee
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done --Bruce Lee
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer --Bruce Lee
Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works --Steve Jobs
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations --Steve Jobs
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower --Steve Jobs
Don't give up just because things get hard. Give up if you feel in your gut that moving on is the right choice for you. --Lori Deschene
Life isn't always fair. Some people are born into better environments. Some people have better genetics. Some are in the right place at the right time. If you're trying to change your life, all of this is irrelevant. All that matters is that you accept where you are, figure out where you want to be, and then do what you can, today and every day, to hold your head high and keep moving forward. --Lori Deschene
I survived because the fire inside me burned brighter than the fire around me. --Joshua Graham
Don't let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it. --Earl Nightingale
The strongest people aren't always the people who win, but the people who don't give up when they lose. --Ashley Hodgeson
At any given moment, you have the power to say: This is not how the story is going to end. --Christine Mason Miller
Life's blows cannot break a person whose spirit is warmed by the fire of enthusiasm. --Norman Vincent Peale
When you believe something can be done, really believe, your mind will find ways to do it. --Dr. David Schwartz
Your belief determines your action and your action determines your results, but first you have to believe. --Mark Victor Hansen
A man's errors are his portals of discovery. --James Joyce
Wisdom is knowing what to do next, skill is knowing how to do it, and virtue is doing it. --David Starr Jordan
Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn't have the power to say yes. --Eleanor Roosevelt
Turn your face toward the sun and the shadows will fall behind you. --Maori Proverb
Doing your best means never stop trying. --Unknown
A hard fall means a high bounce...if you're made of the right material. --Unknown
People who urge you to be realistic generally want you to accept their version of reality. --Unknown
If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking. --Proverb
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are. --Bernice Johnson Reagon
I cannot make my days longer so I strive to make them better. --Henry David Thoreau
We all have problems. The way we solve them is what makes us different. --Unknown
Whenever you fall, pick something up.  --Oswald Avery
Care and diligence bring luck. --Proverb
A bend in the road is not the end of the road...unless you fail to make the turn. --Unknown
Stop being afraid of what could go wrong, and start being excited about what could go right. --Unknown
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow. --Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
You can do what's reasonable or you can decide what's possible. --Unknown
If you lose today, win tomorrow. In this never-ending spirit of challenge is the heart of a victor. --Daisaku Ikeda
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. --Abraham Lincoln
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time --Thomas Edison
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first --Mark Twain
We keep moving forward, opening new doors, and doing new things, because we're curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths --Walt Disney
Nothing exterior to me will ever take command of me. --Walt Whitman
Nothing is impossible to him who will try. --Alexander The Great
If there are no struggles, there is no progress. --Frederick Douglas
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. --Aristotle
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission. --Unknown
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out. --John Wooden
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong. --Unknown
If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary. --Jim Rohn
Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain. --Unknown
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life--think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success. --Swami Vivekananda
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them. --Walt Disney
Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them. --Unknown
If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got. --Unknown
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. --Winston Churchill
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly. --Proverb
Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy. --Unknown
Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them. --Vaibhav Shah
Opportunities don't happen, you create them. --Chris Grosser
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value. --Albert Einstein
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. --Eleanor Roosevelt
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. --Thomas A. Edison
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents--start charging for it. --Kim Garst
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. --David Brinkley
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. --Eleanor Roosevelt
The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it. --Henry Ford
You learn more from failure than from success. Don't let it stop you. Failure builds character. --Unknown
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do. --Unknown
Don't raise your voice, improve your argument. --Unknown
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise. --Oscar Wilde
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away. --Unknown
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success. --Bruce Feirstein
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you. --Lolly Daskal
I believe that the only courage anybody ever needs is the courage to follow your own dreams. --Oprah Winfrey
No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist. --Unknown
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you. --Nathaniel Hawthorne
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. --Albert Einstein
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting. --Unknown
Do one thing every day that scares you. --Unknown
What's the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable. --Unknown
Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. --Lolly Daskal
Nothing in the world is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. --Unknown
Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it. --Unknown
Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem. --Unknown
You can do anything, but not everything. --Unknown
It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up. --Vince Lombardi
There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed. --Ray Goforth
Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life. --A.P.J. Abdul Kalam
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. --Thomas Jefferson
The starting point of all achievement is desire. --Napoleon Hill
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out. --Robert Collier
If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work. --Thomas J. Watson
All progress takes place outside the comfort zone. --Michael John Bobak
You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing. --Philippos
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear--not absence of fear. --Mark Twain
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone. --Pablo Picasso
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing--that's why we recommend it daily. --Zig Ziglar
We become what we think about most of the time, and that's the strangest secret. --Earl Nightingale
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. --Vidal Sassoon
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. --Les Brown
I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing. --Martha Stewart
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. --Unknown
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same. --Colin R. Davis
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers. --Ralph Nader
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it. --Maya Angelou
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others. --Bill Gates
A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them. --Henry Kravis
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself. --Mark Caine
People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy. --Tony Robbins
When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid. --Audre Lorde
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect. --Mark Twain
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus. --Bruce Lee
There is no traffic jam along the extra mile. --Roger Staubach
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. --Dale Carnegie
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much. --Jim Rohn
If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it--teach yourself to be impatient. --Gurbaksh Chahal
Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning. --Robert Kiyosaki
If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you! --T. Harv Eker
You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something--your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life. --Steve Jobs
Two roads diverged in a wood and I  took the one less traveled by, and that made all the difference. --Robert Frost 
The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors. --Napoleon Hill
The reason most people never reach their goals is that they don't define them, or ever seriously consider them as believable or achievable. Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them. --Denis Waitley
In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it. --Jane Smiley
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time. --George Bernard Shaw
I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well. --Diane Ackerman
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them. --Michael Jordan
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. --Jim Ryun
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing. --Dale Carnegie
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul. --Ella Wheeler Wilcox
Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter. --Francis Chan
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction. --George Lorimer
A goal is not always meant to be reached; it often serves simply as something to aim at. --Bruce Lee
Success is ... knowing your purpose in life, growing to reach your maximum potential, and sowing seeds that benefit others. --John C. Maxwell
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. --Wayne Dyer
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe. --Anatole France
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all. --Dale Carnegie
You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals. --Booker T. Washington
Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable. --Theodore N. Vail
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation. --Herman Melville
What would you do if you weren't afraid. --Spencer Johnson
Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above it. --Washington Irving
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor. --Truman Capote
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. --John R. Wooden
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it. --Margaret Thatcher
A man can be as great as he wants to be. If you believe in yourself and have the courage, the determination, the dedication, the competitive drive and if you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life and pay the price for the things that are worthwhile, it can be done. --Vince Lombardi
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart. --Helen Keller
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. --H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Life isn't about getting and having, it's about giving and being. --Kevin Kruse
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve. --Napoleon Hill
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. --Albert Einstein
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I - I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference. --Robert Frost
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse. --Florence Nightingale
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. --Wayne Gretzky
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. --Michael Jordan
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. --Amelia Earhart
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. --Babe Ruth
Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement. --W. Clement Stone
We must balance conspicuous consumption with conscious capitalism. --Kevin Krus
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. --John Lennon
We become what we think about. --Earl Nightingale
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any. --Alice Walker
The mind is everything. What you think you become. --Buddha
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. --Chinese Proverb
An unexamined life is not worth living. --Socrates
Eighty percent of success is showing up. --Woody Allen
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body. --Seneca
There is no easy way from the earth to the stars --Seneca
It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable. --Seneca
What man actually needs is not a tensionless state but rather the striving and struggling for some goal worthy of him. --Viktor Frankl
If you find something very difficult to achieve yourself, don't imagine it impossible-for anything possible and proper for another person can be achieved as easily by you. --Marcus Aurelius
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. --Epictetus
To be like the rock that the waves keep crashing over. It stands unmoved and the raging of the sea falls still around it. --Marcus Aurelius
Many are harmed by fear itself, and many may have come to their fate while dreading fate --Seneca
If it's endurable, then endure it. Stop complaining. --Marcus Aurelius
To bear trials with a calm mind robs misfortune of its strength and burden. --Seneca
If you would be a good reader, read; if a writer, write. --Epictetus
...but if a thing is humanly possible, consider it to be within your reach. --Marcus Aurelius
How long are you going to wait before you demand the best for yourself --Epictetus
Fire tries gold, misfortune tries brave men. --Seneca
True good fortune is what you make for yourself. Good fortune: good character, good intentions, good actions. --Marcus Aurelius
The impediment to action advances action. What stands in the way becomes the way. --Marcus Aurelius
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that they are difficult. --Seneca
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves. --Viktor Frankl
It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness. --Seneca
Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present. --Marcus Aurelius
Choose not to be harmed - and you won't feel harmed. Don't feel harmed - and you haven't been. --Marcus Aurelius
No man is more unhappy than he who never faces adversity. For he is not permitted to prove himself --Seneca
It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters. --Epictetus
No great thing is created suddenly. --Epictetus
There is no shame in making an honest effort. --Epictetus
The Way Get Started Is To Quit Talking And Begin Doing. --Walt Disney
The Pessimist Sees Difficulty In Every Opportunity. The Optimist Sees Opportunity In Every Difficulty. --Winston Churchill
Don't Let Yesterday Take Up Too Much Of Today. --Will Rogers
If You Are Working On Something That You Really Care About, You Don't Have To Be Pushed. The Vision Pulls You. --Steve Jobs
People Who Are Crazy Enough To Think They Can Change The World, Are The Ones Who Do. --Rob Siltanen
We May Encounter Many Defeats But We Must Not Be Defeated. --Maya Angelou
Knowing Is Not Enough; We Must Apply. Wishing Is Not Enough; We Must Do. --Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Imagine Your Life Is Perfect In Every Respect; What Would It Look Like? --Brian Tracy
We Generate Fears While We Sit. We Overcome Them By Action. --Dr. Henry Link
Whether You Think You Can Or Think You Can't, You're Right. --Henry Ford
Security Is Mostly A Superstition. Life Is Either A Daring Adventure Or Nothing. --Helen Keller
The Man Who Has Confidence In Himself Gains The Confidence Of Others. --Hasidic Proverb
The Only Limit To Our Realization Of Tomorrow Will Be Our Doubts Of Today. --Franklin D. Roosevelt
Creativity Is Intelligence Having Fun. --Albert Einstein
What You Lack In Talent Can Be Made Up With Desire, Hustle And Giving 110% All The Time. --Don Zimmer
Do What You Can With All You Have, Wherever You Are. --Theodore Roosevelt
You Are Never Too Old To Set Another Goal Or To Dream A New Dream. --C.S. Lewis
To See What Is Right And Not Do It Is A Lack Of Courage. --Confucious
If you're going through hell keep going. --Winston Churchill
Ten people who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent. --Napoleon Bonaparte
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone. --Ronald Reagan
Believe that you can do it cause you can do it. --Bob Ross
Take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly, and try another. But by all means, try something. --Franklin D. Roosevelt
The secret to doing anything is believing that you can do it. Anything that you believe you can do strong enough, you can do. Anything. As long as you believe. --Bob Ross
It always seems impossible until it is done. --Nelson Mandela
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. --John D. Rockefeller
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not. --Andr\u00e9 Gide
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. --Mahatma Gandhi
Never, never, never give up. --Winston Churchill
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great. --Zig Ziglar
I believe every human has a finite number of heartbeats. I don't intend to waste any of mine. --Neil Armstrong
Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men. --John F. Kennedy
One today is worth two tomorrows. --Benjamin Franklin
We rise by lifting others. --Robert G. Ingersoll
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough. --Og Mandino
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later. --Og Mandino
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can. --Nikos Kazantzakis
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, "I'm possible!" --Audrey Hepburn
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud. --Maya Angelou
The very best thing you can do for the whole world is to make the most of yourself. --Wallace D. Wattles
... because all things have contributed to your advancement, you should include all things in your gratitude. --Wallace D. Wattles
Thoughts become things. If you see it in your mind, you will hold it in your hand. --Bob Proctor, You Were Born Rich
Be like a postage stamp. Stick to it until you get there --Bob Proctor
Set a goal to achieve something that is so big, so exhilarating that it excites you and scares you at the same time. --Bob Proctor
Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools. --Napoleon Bonaparte
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me. --Henry Ford
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. --Benjamin Franklin
Look at the sky. We are not alone. The whole universe is friendly to us and conspires only to give the best to those who dream and work. --A.P.J. Abdul Kalam
In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing, the next best thing is the wrong thing, and the worst thing you can do is nothing. --Theodore Roosevelt
Believe you can and you're halfway there. --Theodore Roosevelt
At his best, man is the noblest of all animals; separated from law and justice he is the worst. --Aristotle
In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher. --Dalai Lama
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows. --Buddha
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind. --Napoleon Bonaparte
Education is the best provision for old age. --Aristotle
The best road to progress is freedom's road. --John F. Kennedy
Life is about making an impact, not making an income. --Kevin Kruse
Every child is an artist.  The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. --Pablo Picasso
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. --Christopher Columbus
Either you run the day, or the day runs you. --Jim Rohn
The best revenge is massive success. --Frank Sinatra
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage. --Anais Nin
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind. --Dr. Seuss
Do your own thing on your own terms and get what you came here for. --Oliver James
The difficult is what takes a little time; the impossible is what takes a little longer. --Fridtjof Nansen
Braving obstacles and hardships is nobler than retreat to tranquility. --Khalil Gibran
Cultivation of mind should be the ultimate aim of human existence. --B. R. Ambedkar
You have brains in your head and feet in your shoes, you can steer yourself in any direction you choose. --Dr. Seuss
The mind that tries to shape tomorrow beyond its capacities will find no rest. --Rumi
One day you will wake up and there won't be any more time to do the things you've always wanted. Do it now --Paulo Coelho
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have. --Vince Lombardi
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them. --John F. Kennedy
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. --Sam Levenson
Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire. --Reggie Leach
Always remember that the future comes one day at a time. --Dean Acheson
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.  --Jim Ryun
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one. --Elbert Hubbard
The secret to happiness is freedom. And the secret to freedom is courage.  --Thucydides
The struggle ends when the gratitude begins. --Unknown
Obsessed is a word that the lazy use to describe the dedicated.  --Unknown
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.  --Jimmy Dean
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there. --Bo Jackson
Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change. --Anonymous
I never knew a man come to greatness or eminence who lay abed late in the morning.  --Johnathan Swift
No matter how you feel, Get up, dress up, show up and never give up. --Anonymous
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to be yourself.  --Thich Nhat Hanh
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact. --William James
You're going to go through tough times - that's life. But I say, 'Nothing happens to you, it happens for you.' See the positive in negative events.  -- Joel Osteen
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose. --Lyndon B. Johnson
I demolish my bridges behind me...then there is no choice but to move forward. --Fridtjof Nansen
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it. --Charles R. Swindoll
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. --Walt Disney
Even if you fall on your face you're still moving forward. --Victor Kiam
Well done is better than well said. --Benjamin Franklin
It's always too early to quit. --Norman Vincent Peale
Leap, and the net will appear. --John Burroughs
One finds limits by pushing them. --Herbert Simon
The wise does at once what the fool does at last. --Baltasar Gracian
Do not watch the clock. Do what it does. Keep going. --Sam Levenson
I've failed over and over and over again. And that is why I succeed. --Michael Jordan
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. --Mark Twain
Either you run the day or the day runs you. --Jim Rohn
I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail, than to attempt nothing and succeed. --Robert H. Schuller
Your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. --Abraham Lincoln
There is always room at the top. --Daniel Webster
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do. --Henry Ford
Success is going from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. --Winston Churchill
Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned. --Peter Marshall
When you stop chasing the wrong things you give the right things a chance to catch you. --Lolly Daskal
You just can't beat the person who never gives up. --Babe Ruth
The more we do the more we can do. --William Hazlitt
Fortune sides with him who dares. --Virgil
The secret to success is to know something nobody else knows. --Aristotle Onassis
Don't be distracted by criticism. Remember--the only taste of success some people get is to take a bite out of you. --Zig Ziglar
Keep on going, and the chances are that you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I never heard of anyone ever stumbling on something sitting down. --Charles F. Kettering
If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time. --Steve Jobs
Without self-discipline, success is impossible, period. --Lou Holtz
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. --Helen Keller
If you quit ONCE it becomes a habit.Never quit!!! -- Michael Jordan
It is good to dream big but your dreams will never see the light of day if you sleep big too.  --Anonymous
One day you will wake up and there won't be any more time to do the things you've always wanted. Do it now  -- Paulo Coelho
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.  --Swami Sivananda
You're going to go through tough times - that's life. But I say, 'Nothing happens to you, it happens for you.' See the positive in negative events. --Joel Osteen
To be free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others. --Nelson Mandela
It always seems impossible until it's done.  --Nelson Mandela
Do more of what makes you happy.  --Carmel McConnell
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done. --Bruce Lee
You can't climb the ladder of success with your hands in your pockets. --Arnold Schwarzenegger
It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not a weakness; that is life.  --Jean Luc Picard
Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world. --Albert Einstein
Wake up early and tackle the day before it tackles you. Be on offense, not defense. --Evan Carmichael
You can have anything you want if you are willing to give up the belief that you can't have it. -- Robert Anthony
Successful people are not gifted; they just work hard, then succeed on purpose.  --G.K.Nielson
Do it now.Sometimes 'later' becomes 'never'.  --Anonymous
FEarly to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise. --Benjamin Franklin
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.  --Thomas Jefferson
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. --Confucius
Visualize this thing that you want, see it, feel it, believe in it. Make your mental blue print, and begin to build. --R Collier
Good things happen to those who hustle. --Anais Nin
Human beings, by changing the inner attitudes of their minds, can change the outer aspects of their lives. --William James
Life brings simple pleasures to us every day. It is up to us to make them wonderful memories. --Cathy Allen
Don't let your sorrow come higher than your knees. --Swedish Proverb
Begin somewhere; you cannot build a reputation on what you intend to do. --Liz Smith
Learn all you can from the mistakes of others. You won't have time to make them all yourself. --Alfred Sheinwold
A winner makes commitments. A loser makes promises. --Unknown
Hope sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible. --Charles Caleb Colton
It's good to do uncomfortable things. It's weight training for life. --Anne Lamott
A word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success. --Unknown
The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart. --Robert Green Ingersoll
The past does not equal the future. --Anthony Robbins
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination. --Tommy Lasorda
If you put off everything till you're sure of it, you'll never get anything done. --Norman Vincent Peale
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. --Eleanor Roosevelt
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. --Sam Levenson
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay. --Simone de Beauvoir
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. --Arthur Ashe
Why should you continue going after your dreams? Because seeing the look on the faces of the people who said you couldn't will be priceless. --Kevin Ngo
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn. --Harriet Beecher Stow
Cautious, careful people, always casting about to preserve their reputations can never effect a reform. --Susan B. Anthony
When the whole world is silent, even one voice becomes powerful. --Malala Yousafzai
Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement. --Golda Meir
Knowing what must be done does away with fear. --Rosa Parks
Creativity takes courage. --Henri Matisse
Every artist was first an amateur. --Ralph Waldo Emerson
We don't make mistakes, just happy little accidents. --Bob Ross
I am seeking, I am striving, I am in it with all my heart. --Vincent Van Gogh
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself. --Andy Warhol
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life. --Pablo Picasso
The main thing is to be moved, to love, to hope, to tremble, to live. --Auguste Rodin
To be an artist is to believe in life. --Henry Moore
Whether you succeed or not is irrelevant, there is no such thing.  Making your unknown known is the important thing. --Georgia O'Keeffe
What moves men of genius, or rather what inspires their work, is not new ideas, but their obsession with the idea that what has already been said is still not enough. --Eugene Delecroix
If I create from the heart, nearly everything works; if from the head, almost nothing. --Marc Chagall
Don't think about making art, just get it done.  Let everyone else decide if it's good or bad, whether they love it or hate it.  While they are deciding, make even more art. --Andy Warhol
If people knew how hard I worked to get my mastery, it wouldn't seem so wonderful at all. --Michaelangelo
One can have no smaller or greater mastery than mastery of oneself. --Lenoardo da Vinci
To send light into the darkness of men's hearts - such is the duty of the artist. --Schumann
Great things are done by a series of small things brought together. --Vincent van Gogh
Inspiration does exist but it must find you working. --Pablo Picasso
Everything has its beauty, but not everyone sees it. --Andy Warhol
The world of reality has its limits; the world of imagination is boundless. --Jean-Jacques Rousseau
Do not fear mistakes - there are none. --Miles Davis
I would rather die of passion than of boredom. --Vincent van Gogh
An ounce of practice is better than tons of teaching. --Mahatma Gandhi
The trouble is you think you have time. --Buddha
The more real you get, the more unreal the world gets. --John Lennon
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it. --Bill Cosby
Don't give up, Today is hard. Tomorrow will be worse. Day after tomorrow will be sunshine. --Jack Ma
If you don't give up, you still have a chance. --Jack Ma
The only way to work is to love what you do. --Steve Jobs
Be stubborn about your goals, and flexible about your methods. --Author Unknown
A dream becomes a goal when action is taken toward its achievement. --Bo Bennet
The goal is not to get rich. The goal is to live rich. --Darren Hardy
You can't go back and make a brand new start. But, you can start now and make a brand new ending. --Anonymous
Today, figure out what makes you happy and do more of it. Figure out what doesn't and do less of it. --Mandy Hale
Dont let someone else's opinion of you become your reality. --Les Brown
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams. --Oprah Winfrey.
Success does not come to you, you go to it. --Marva Collins.
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. --Winston Churchill.
If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for ordinary. --Jim Rohn.
If you want to shine like a sun, first burn like a sun. --APJ Abdul Kalam
Failure is an opportunity to begin again more intelligently. --Henry Ford.
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me. --Carol Burnett
Not how long, but how well you have lived is the main thing. --Seneca
The energy of the mind is the essence of life. --Aristotle
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none. --William Shakespeare
In 20 years, you probably won't even remember this. --Anonymous
Never cowardly or cruel. Never give up, never give in. --Doctor Who
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, for you'll be criticized anyway. --Eleanor Roosevelt.
Plant your garden and decorate your own soul, instead of waiting for someone to bring you flowers. --Jose Luis Borges
Nothing in life is to be feared; it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more so that we may fear less. --Marie Curie
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship. --Buddha
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. --Confucius
This too, shall pass. --Anonymous
There is only one happiness in life  -  to love and to be loved. --George Sand
The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday. --Anonymous
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself. --Harvey Fierstein
Life's too mysterious to take too serious. --Mary Engelbreit
It's not about how hard you can hit; it's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. --Rocky Balboa
It's OK to not be OK, as long as you don't stay that way. --Anonymous
May I never be complete. May I never be content. May I never be perfect. --Chuck Palahniuk
Technology is a useful servant but a dangerous master. --Christian Lous Lange
The science of today is the technology of tomorrow --Edward Teller
The only constant in the technology industry is change --Marc Benioff
It's kind of fun to do the impossible. --Walt Disney
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. --Walt Disney
We keep moving forward, opening new doors, and doing new things, because we're curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths. --Walt Disney
You can design and create, and build the most wonderful place in the world. But it takes people to make the dream a reality. --Walt Disney
When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionable. --Walt Disney
The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique. --Walt Disney
All the adversity I've had in my life, all my troubles and obstacles, have strengthened me... You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you. --Walt Disney
If you can dream it, you can do it. --Walt Disney
Times and conditions change so rapidly that we must keep our aim constantly focused on the future. --Walt Disney
I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter. --Walt Disney
I do not like to repeat successes, I like to go on to other things. --Walt Disney
Our heritage and ideals, our code and standards - the things we live by and teach our children - are preserved or diminished by how freely we exchange ideas and feelings. --Walt Disney
A man should never neglect his family for business. --Walt Disney
I have been up against tough competition all my life. I wouldn't know how to get along without it. --Walt Disney
Of all the things I've done, the most vital is coordinating those who work with me and aiming their efforts at a certain goal. --Walt Disney
Crowded classrooms and half-day sessions are a tragic waste of our greatest national resource - the minds of our children. --Walt Disney
When you're curious, you find lots of interesting things to do. --Walt Disney
Somehow I can't believe that there are any heights that can't be scaled by a man who knows the secrets of making dreams come true. This special secret, it seems to me, can be summarized in four C s. They are curiosity, confidence, courage, and constancy. --Walt Disney
Leadership means that a group, large or small, is willing to entrust authority to a person who has shown judgment, wisdom, personal appeal, and proven competence. --Walt Disney
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything --Mark Twain
The secret of getting ahead is getting started --Mark Twain
It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog --Mark Twain
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why --Mark Twain
If you don't read the newspaper, you're uniformed. If you read the newspaper, you're mis-informed --Mark Twain
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see --Mark Twain
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus --Mark Twain
Courage is resistance to fear, master of fear, not absence of fear --Mark Twain
It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt --Mark Twain
Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter --Mark Twain
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure --Mark Twain
Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the rest --Mark Twain
A person who won't read has no advantage over one who can't read --Mark Twain
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up --Mark Twain
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not --Mark Twain
Humor is mankind's greatest blessing --Mark Twain
When you fish for love, bait with your heart, not your brain --Mark Twain
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been --Mark Twain
When in doubt, tell the truth --Mark Twain
He understood well enough how a man with a choice between pride and responsibility will almost always choose pride - if responsibility robs him of his manhood. --Stephen King
We do not admire the man of timid peace. We admire the man who embodies victorious effort; the man who never wrongs his neighbor, who is prompt to help a friend, but who has those virile qualities necessary to win in the stern strife of actual life. --Theodore Roosevelt
It is not what he has, or even what he does which expresses the worth of a man, but what he is. --Henri-Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric Amiel
The way of a superior man is three-fold: virtuous, he is free from anxieties; wise, he is free from perplexities; bold, he is free from fear. --Confucius
A man should be able to hear, and to bear, the worst that could be said of him. --Saul Bellow
Nobody can give you freedom. Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything. If you're a man, you take it --Malcolm X
To be a man requires that you accept everything life has to give you, beginning with your name --Burl Ives
Gardens are not made by singing 'Oh, how beautiful,' and sitting in the shade. --Rudyard Kipling
Man needs his difficulties because they are necessary to enjoy success. --A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Fortune always favors the brave, and never helps a man who does not help himself. --P.T. Barnum
A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is brave five minutes longer. --Ralph Waldo Emerson
I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done. --Lucille Ball
We cannot direct the wind, but we can adjust the sails. --Dolly Parton
My hope still is to leave the world a bit better than when I got here. --Jim Henson
When I started counting my blessings, my whole life turned around. --Willie Nelson
We are what we believe we are. --C.S. Lewis
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. --Winston Churchill
A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials. --Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. --Winston Churchill
There is nothing so stable as change. --Bob Dylan
You can't play life like an untuned instrument and then ask why the music is unpleasent. --Shaan Ahmed
Reality is wrong. Dreams are for real. --Tupac Shakur
Just know that I was once considered just a dreamer... Then I paid my dues and turned so many doubters to believers... --Big K.R.I.T.
Don't let nobody tell you that you can't do it. Love what you do until you don't love it anymore. Nothing's impossible. --Fetty Wap
If you don't build your dream someone will hire you to help build theirs. --Tony A. Gaskins Jr.
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying. --Michael Jordan
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far it is possible to go. --TS Eliot
Believe in your dreams and dream big. And then after you've done that, dream bigger. --Howard Schultz, CEO Starbucks
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. --John Quincy Adams
Success is not built on success. It's built on failure. It's built on frustration. Sometimes its built on catastrophe. --Sumner Redstone
Skills are cheap. Passion is priceless. --Gary Vaynerchuk
I think the thing to do is enjoy the ride while you're on it. --Johnny Depp
Sometimes you need to push people into the deep for some people will never learn to swim if they've never been taught how it feels to drown --Shaan Ahmed
No one should have the power to shatter your dreams unless you give it to them. --Unknown
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. --Ayn Rand
Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever. --Lance Armstrong
Understanding is the first step to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery. --J.K. Rowling
Mistakes are the portals of discovery. --James Joyce
We ought to walk through the rooms of our lives not looking for flaws, but looking for potential. --Ellen Goodman
 If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary.  --Jim Rohn
Opportunities don't happen, you create them. --Chris Grosser
 I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. --Thomas A. Edison
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.  --Bruce Feirstein
When you stop chasing the wrong things you give the right things a chance to catch you.  --Lolly Daskal
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. --John D. Rockefeller
In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it.  --Jane Smiley
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.  --Dale Carnegie
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.  --Ella Wheeler Wilcox
Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.  --Francis Chan
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction.  --George Lorimer
To be successful you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can't just accept the ones you like. --Mike Gafka
A ship in port is safe, but that's not what ships are built for. --Grace Hopper
 It is often easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission. --Grace Hopper
You don't manage people; you manage things. You lead people. --Grace Hopper
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why. --Mark Twain
No matter how difficult and painful it may be, nothing sounds as good to the soul as the truth. --Martha Beck
Be first and be lonely. --Ginni Rometty
Step out of the history that is holding you back. Step into the new story you are willing to create. --Oprah Winfrey
What you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make. --Jane Goodall
A good compromise is one where everybody makes a contribution. --Angela Merkel
I choose to make the rest of my life the best of my life. --Louise Hay
In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different. --Coco Chanel
It's one of the greatest gifts you can give yourself, to forgive. Forgive everybody. --Maya Angelou
If you're not making some notable mistakes along the way, you're certainly not taking enough business and career chances. --Sallie Krawcheck
Normal is not something to aspire to, it's something to get away from. --Jodie Foster
Oh captain, my captain. --Todd Anderson
No matter what anybody tells you, words and ideas can change the world. --John Keating
Go ahead. Look out the window. Isn't it a beautiful day? --Anonymous
People are crazy and times are strange/ I'm locked in tight, I'm out of range/ I used to care, but things have changed. --Bob Dylan
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. --Jim Rohn
It's a slow process, but quitting won't speed it up. --Anonymous
A river cuts through a rock not because of its power but its persistence. --Anonymous
The man on top of the mountain didn't fall there. --Vince Lombardi
I can and I will. Watch me. --Anonymous
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will. --Karim Seddiki
Be so good they can't ignore you. --Steve Martin
The expert in anything was once a beginner. --Anonymous
Wake up. Kick ass. Repeat. --Anonymous
Failure is a bruise, not a tattoo. --Jon Sinclair
Worrying is stupid. It's like walking around with an umbrella waiting for it to rain. --Wiz Khalifa
A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor. --Franklin D. Roosevelt
Go the extra mile -- it's never crowded. --Anonymous
Look in the mirror... That's your competition. --Anonymous
I won't be a rock star. I will be a legend. --Freddie Mercury
Like the United Nations, there is something inspirational about New York as a great melting pot of different cultures and traditions. And if this is the city that never sleeps, the United Nations works tirelessly, around the clock around the world. --Ban Ki-moon
Once you have a lot of success, you become a target in many ways. --Jennifer Lopez
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand. --Woodrow Wilson
Every success in limiting armaments is a sign that the will to achieve mutual understanding exists, and every such success thus supports the fight for international law and order. --Ludwig Quidde
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins. --Jim Rohn
Keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final. --Roger Babson
I'm used to adversity and working really well in difficult situations. It was hard for me to accept the success. --Paula Cole
A constant struggle, a ceaseless battle to bring success from inhospitable surroundings, is the price of all great achievements. --Orison Swett Marden
The real end winner of NAFTA is going to be Mexico because we have the human capital. We have that resource that is vital to the success of the U.S. economy. --Vicente Fox
Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction. --Al Bernstein
A lot of people don't have near the amount of success as I've been blessed to have, and it's all about working hard and hoping that continues. --Luke Bryan
Success is the most important to many, to me it's just a bonus. --Lucas Grabeel
I think that success is having fun. --Bruno Mars
I believe in pink. I believe that laughing is the best calorie burner. I believe in kissing, kissing a lot. I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day and I believe in miracles. --Audrey Hepburn
It is no use saying, 'We are doing our best.' You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary. --Winston Churchill
Change your thoughts and you change your world. --Norman Vincent Peale
I'm a gay disabled man who has become very successful. I don't get up in the morning and think I'm inspirational; I just get up thinking that I love horses. --Lee Pearson
Sound character provides the power with which a person may ride the emergencies of life instead of being overwhelmed by them. Failure is... the highway to success. --Og Mandino
To know oneself, one should assert oneself. --Albert Camus
As kids we're not taught how to deal with success; we're taught how to deal with failure. If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. If at first you succeed, then what? --Charlie Sheen
Everything you need for better future and success has already been written. And guess what? All you have to do is go to the library. --Henri Frederic Amiel
You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water. --Rabindranath Tagore
I never assumed I would have that commercial success, so it was a total surprise. And honestly, I never assumed that it would ever happen again. --Tracy Chapman
You cannot allow your desire to be a winner to be diminished by achieving success before and I believe there is room for improvement in every sportsman. --Lionel Messi
Failure is only postponed success as long as courage 'coaches' ambition. The habit of persistence is the habit of victory. --Herbert Kaufman
I think anyone who has a passion for what they love to do, and who pursue it, is inspirational for me. --Colin Morgan
Every moment and every event of every man's life on earth plants something in his soul. --Thomas Merton
To enjoy enduring success we should travel a little in advance of the world. --John McDonald
Success? You can't get a big head about it. When people stare at me, they could be whispering to their friend, 'That guy sucks! Have you seen him before? He's horrible.' --David Spade
I am so fresh in soul and spirit that life gushes and bubbles around me in a thousand springs. --Robert Schumann
Enjoy failure and learn from it. You can never learn from success. --James Dyson
I believe there are three keys to success. For me it is keeping my priorities in order: It's my faith and my family, and then the business. --Kathy Ireland
In motivating people, you've got to engage their minds and their hearts. I motivate people, I hope, by example - and perhaps by excitement, by having productive ideas to make others feel involved. --Rupert Murdoch
Wal-Mart's success strategies and tactics are easy to understand yet hard to duplicate. --Michael Bergdahl
Create each day anew. --Morihei Ueshiba
You can be discouraged by failure, or you can learn from it. So go ahead and make mistakes, make all you can. Because, remember that's where you'll find success - on the far side of failure. --Thomas J. Watson
A lot of America is kind of done. People have been making films about it for 100 years. Everything to me feels used up. But Jo-Burg feels unbelievably inspirational to me. --Neill Blomkamp
We make the world we live in and shape our own environment. --Orison Swett Marden
Money and success don't change people; they merely amplify what is already there. --Will Smith
To do a common thing uncommonly well brings success. --Henry J. Heinz
Your heaviest artillery will be your will to live. Keep that big gun going. --Norman Cousins
It's not just the 'Grammys' that I've pulled out of. I also pulled out of the English awards as well. The reason that I wanted to pull out was because I believe very much that the music industry as a whole is mainly concerned with material success. --Alanis Morissette
Without an open-minded mind, you can never be a great success. --Martha Stewart
Today is the only day. Yesterday is gone. --John Wooden
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul. --Democritus
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. --Jim Rohn
Love the moment and the energy of that moment will spread beyond all boundaries. --Corita Kent
However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at. --Stephen Hawking
Success breeds success, and failure leads to a sort of fallow period. --Felicity Kendal
One fails forward toward success. --Charles Kettering
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can? --Jeff Rich
In the first six to twelve months of a war with the United States and Great Britain I will run wild and win victory upon victory. But then, if the war continues after that, I have no expectation of success. --Isoroku Yamamoto
Try to be like the turtle - at ease in your own shell. --Bill Copeland
Every heart that has beat strongly and cheerfully has left a hopeful impulse behind it in the world, and bettered the tradition of mankind. --Robert Louis Stevenson
It's always too early to quit. --Norman Vincent Peale
Creativity is the key to success in the future, and primary education is where teachers can bring creativity in children at that level. --A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Better to be called something positive and inspirational than something negative. --Donnie Yen
It is such a luxury to open a new book that's highly recommended by friends - either an inspirational yet humorously self-deprecating memoir, or a page-turning piece of fiction. --Kelli O'Hara
The future of America is not an entitlement. We have been given a treasure chest of gifts and opportunities, but some people are being left behind, and success is not sustainable unless it is shared. --Howard Schultz
I know why I am here and my only real focused goal is to live each day to the fullest and to try and honor God and be an encouragement to others. What the future holds is firmly in God's hands, and I am very happy about that! --Ken Hensley
My greatest success story has been my family. --Alex Spanos
I'm a motivational speaker. --Young Jeezy
The truth is that relative income is not directly related to happiness. Nonpartisan social-survey data clearly show that the big driver of happiness is earned success: a person's belief that he has created value in his life or the life of others. --Arthur C. Brooks
Success has always been easy to measure. It is the distance between one's origins and one's final achievement. --Michael Korda
Success is the only motivational factor that a boy with character needs. --Woody Hayes
If there were no night, we would not appreciate the day, nor could we see the stars and the vastness of the heavens. We must partake of the bitter with the sweet. There is a divine purpose in the adversities we encounter every day. They prepare, they purge, they purify, and thus they bless. --James E. Faust
Just what future the Designer of the universe has provided for the souls of men I do not know, I cannot prove. But I find that the whole order of Nature confirms my confidence that, if it is not like our noblest hopes and dreams, it will transcend them. --Henry Norris Russell
I know of no single formula for success. But over the years I have observed that some attributes of leadership are universal and are often about finding ways of encouraging people to combine their efforts, their talents, their insights, their enthusiasm and their inspiration to work together. --Queen Elizabeth II
I am very optimistic, and I wish that God almighty grants me success to get a qualifying time. Only then can I go to the Olympics. If this happens I will be the first Palestinian athlete to gain a qualifying time. This will be a big achievement. --Nader al-Masri
There is nothing deep down inside us except what we have put there ourselves. --Richard Rorty
From success you get a lot of things, but not that great inside thing that love brings you. --Samuel Goldwyn
I realise that I do not change the course of history. I am an actor, I do a movie, that's the end of it. You have to realise we are just clowns for hire. After I had success it was great, at first, not to worry about money. It was on my mind when I was growing up. --Leonardo DiCaprio
There are a lot of things that go into creating success. I don't like to do just the things I like to do. I like to do things that cause the company to succeed. I don't spend a lot of time doing my favorite activities. --Michael Dell
Arriving at one goal is the starting point to another. --John Dewey
There are thousands of inspirational stories waiting to be told about young women who yearn for a great education. They are stories of struggle and stories of success, and they will inspire others to take action and work to change lives. --Soledad O'Brien
I take great pride in all the tremendous success we've enjoyed at CBS. And the good news is that I feel even more enthusiastic about what my terrific team and I will accomplish going forward. --Leslie Moonves
The limits of the possible can only be defined by going beyond them into the impossible. --Arthur C. Clarke
I believe there's an inner power that makes winners or losers. And the winners are the ones who really listen to the truth of their hearts. --Sylvester Stallone
Silent pictures show us how we lived and what our attitudes were. And as an art form, they can be wonderfully entertaining and often inspirational. --Kevin Brownlow
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows. --Ralph Marston
Do you wish to rise? Begin by descending. You plan a tower that will pierce the clouds? Lay first the foundation of humility. --Saint Augustine
Think with your whole body. --Taisen Deshimaru
People always accuse me of being motivational in a way, like it was a bad thing, but that's just how I was raised. My mom raised me in a positive environment, with lots of love in my heart, and that reflects in my music. --Lenny Kravitz
Success is the child of audacity. --Benjamin Disraeli
I try not to put anything political on the forefront of what I'm trying to do creatively. At the same time, I do think it's wonderful when I hear people say that it's inspirational that I'm an Indian woman on camera. My life is very diverse, and my friends are a diverse group of people. --Mindy Kaling
Actually, I'm an overnight success, but it took twenty years. --Monty Hall
Prayer is man's greatest power! --W. Clement Stone
If you think you can do it, you can. --John Burroughs
Frustration, although quite painful at times, is a very positive and essential part of success. --Bo Bennett
Success or failure depends more upon attitude than upon capacity successful men act as though they have accomplished or are enjoying something. Soon it becomes a reality. Act, look, feel successful, conduct yourself accordingly, and you will be amazed at the positive results. --William James
We're constantly striving for success, fame and comfort when all we really need to be happy is someone or some thing to be enthusiastic about. --H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Feeling anxious or depressed sometimes is part of what it means to be a person, and it might even be essential to success. --K. Flay
Success has always been a great liar. --Friedrich Nietzsche
God always strives together with those who strive. --Aeschylus
Hard work and dedication is important to success, and I have those qualities. --Nargis Fakhri
One of the key elements of human behavior is, humans have a greater fear of loss than enjoyment of success. All the academic studies will show you that the fear of loss of capital is far greater than the enjoyment of gains. --Laurence D. Fink
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it. --Albert Schweitzer
Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure. The way you think about a fact may defeat you before you ever do anything about it. You are overcome by the fact because you think you are. --Norman Vincent Peale
There's enormous progressive activism and, more often than not, success at the grassroots level - everything from living wage campaigns to efforts to finance our elections are having terrific success. --Jim Hightower
If you look at the common denominator of all the comics who have had big success, it's being true to their nature... that's what takes a long time to learn. --Ron White
There is nothing stronger in the world than gentleness. --Han Suyin
Let each man exercise the art he knows. --Aristophanes
Prospering just doesn't have to do with money. --Joel Osteen
Success is dangerous. One begins to copy oneself, and to copy oneself is more dangerous than to copy others. It leads to sterility. --Pablo Picasso
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand. --Mother Teresa
There is no scientific answer for success. You can't define it. You've simply got to live it and do it. --Anita Roddick
As people are walking all the time, in the same spot, a path appears. --John Locke
I hope that at the end of the seven years, people will say that I have been of some inspirational value to them at home in terms of inclusiveness and abroad, I look forward to representing Ireland. --Michael D. Higgins
Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practiced every day. --Jim Rohn
I firmly believe that unless one has tasted the bitter pill of failure, one cannot aspire enough for success. --A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Success is more dangerous than failure, the ripples break over a wider coastline. --Graham Greene
To me, the Seventies were very inspirational and very influential... With my whole persona as Snoop Dogg, as a person, as a rapper. I just love the Seventies style, the way all the players dressed nice, you know, kept their hair looking good, drove sharp cars and they talked real slick. --Snoop Dogg
I think all of us certainly believed the statistics which said that probably 88% chance of mission success and maybe 96% chance of survival. And we were willing to take those odds. --Alan Shepard
What they have done in Japan, which I find so inspirational, is they've brought the toilet out from behind the locked door. They've made it conversational. People go out and upgrade their toilet. They talk about it. They've sanitized it. --Rose George
If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is, infinite. --William Blake
Real success is not on the stage, but off the stage as a human being, and how you get along with your fellow man. --Sammy Davis, Jr.
Everyone has inside of him a piece of good news. The good news is that you don't know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is! --Anne Frank
Of all the things people have taught me regarding life lessons or anything that would benefit me, I don't think anything helped me learn more about life than football. You go through so many different things: adversity, how to handle adversity, how to handle success, how to lead, how to be a teammate, how to communicate. --Josh McDaniels
I think, aesthetically, car design is so interesting - the dashboards, the steering wheels, and the beauty of the mechanics. I don't know how any of it works, I don't want to know, but it's inspirational. --Paloma Picasso
The first question which the priest and the Levite asked was: 'If I stop to help this man, what will happen to me?' But... the good Samaritan reversed the question: 'If I do not stop to help this man, what will happen to him?' --Martin Luther King, Jr.
Nothing is as seductive as the assurance of success. --Gertrude Himmelfarb
A great social success is a pretty girl who plays her cards as carefully as if she were plain. --F. Scott Fitzgerald
The success of any stand-up act comes out of life experience. --Howie Mandel
For a gallant spirit there can never be defeat. --Wallis Simpson
When deeds speak, words are nothing. --Pierre-Joseph Proudhon
Success depends almost entirely on how effectively you learn to manage the game's two ultimate adversaries: the course and yourself. --Jack Nicklaus
At the end of the day, the one commonality that both Hindi cinema and Hollywood share is that they are full of talented and inspirational people. Outside of this, there are many differences, from the scheduling and rehearsal to promotion and directing techniques. --Nargis Fakhri
I pray God may preserve your health and life many years. --Junipero Serra
Be brave enough to live life creatively. The creative place where no one else has ever been. --Alan Alda
An artist must never be a prisoner. Prisoner? An artist should never be a prisoner of himself, prisoner of style, prisoner of reputation, prisoner of success, etc. --Henri Matisse
People say we were an overnight success. It took us a year to be an overnight success. --James Daly
I have no time for those who say there is no way Scotland could go it alone. I know first-hand the contribution Scotland and Scots make to Britain's success - so for me there's no question about whether Scotland could be an independent nation. --David Cameron
While formal schooling is an important advantage, it is not a guarantee of success nor is its absence a fatal handicap. --Ray Kroc
The books that help you most are those which make you think that most. The hardest way of learning is that of easy reading; but a great book that comes from a great thinker is a ship of thought, deep freighted with truth and beauty. --Pablo Neruda
What drew me towards team sport were the camaraderie and friendship. The chance to celebrate victory and success with a group of other people is something I have enjoyed doing. --Rahul Dravid
God loves to help him who strives to help himself. --Aeschylus
Steroids do not guarantee you're going to have success. I think a lot of people think that they will, but they don't. --Tony Gwynn
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. --Benjamin Disraeli
Telecom is a dramatic success in India and our view is, respecting the political process, and respecting the fact that these are sovereign decisions, is that, approaching India as a friend. --John W. Snow
Success is a journey, not a destination. The doing is often more important than the outcome. --Arthur Ashe
Obedience is the mother of success and is wedded to safety. --Aeschylus
I've always believed that one woman's success can only help another woman's success. --Gloria Vanderbilt
A somebody was once a nobody who wanted to and did. --John Burroughs
Before you are a leader, success is all about growing yourself. When you become a leader, success is all about growing others. --Jack Welch
Success is a consequence and must not be a goal. --Gustave Flaubert
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward. --Victor Kiam
Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal. --Earl Nightingale
Your chances of success in any undertaking can always be measured by your belief in yourself. --Robert Collier
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it. --Bruce Lee
I started doing motivational tours. I've seen all kinds of people, from the CEOs to the lowest executive, opening up to their fears. We don't introspect as much as we should. --Anupam Kher
Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble. --Shah Rukh Khan
Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack. --Sun Tzu
The superior man makes the difficulty to be overcome his first interest; success only comes later. --Confucius
What we think, we become. --Buddha
The fact that I can plant a seed and it becomes a flower, share a bit of knowledge and it becomes another's, smile at someone and receive a smile in return, are to me continual spiritual exercises. --Leo Buscaglia
If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded. --Maya Angelou
I believe success is preparation, because opportunity is going to knock on your door sooner or later but are you prepared to answer that? --Omar Epps
Whosoever desires constant success must change his conduct with the times. --Niccolo Machiavelli
One day, I got so disgusted that I sat down and wrote a list called 'Justin's list of things to do before he kicks the bucket.' I wrote it for myself and shortened it to 'Justin's Bucket List.' It was there on the wall, not as a story idea but as a motivational tool for myself, which actually ended up working pretty well. --Justin Zackham
Wonder rather than doubt is the root of all knowledge. --Abraham Joshua Heschel
Who seeks shall find. --Sophocles
Most people give up just when they're about to achieve success. They quit on the one yard line. They give up at the last minute of the game one foot from a winning touchdown. --Ross Perot
After a lifetime of working, raising families, and contributing to the success of this nation in countless other ways, senior citizens deserve to retire with dignity. --Charlie Gonzalez
Four things for success: work and pray, think and believe. --Norman Vincent Peale
I've had great success being a total idiot. --Jerry Lewis
Success - it's what you do with what you've got. --Woody Hayes
I don't know what keeps me going. Sometimes I wonder... I think it's just pure perseverance and wanting to succeed and having that burning desire to always have success. --Tanya Tucker
The authentic self is the soul made visible. --Sarah Ban Breathnach
Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange for it. Establish your priorities and go to work. --H. L. Hunt
'Get along, go along' is not an inspirational philosophy, and only God knows how much moral cowardice it has covered up over the years. Serve your time, collect your chits, and cash 'em in for your home state? No, I'd say we could ask for more than that from our senators. --Molly Ivins
This CD became something of a personal journey for me. The tone of the whole CD is uplifting and inspirational. It's an upper. We have enough downers in the world. --Roma Downey
The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper. --Bertrand Russell
It takes 20 years to make an overnight success. --Eddie Cantor
I think you can have 10,000 explanations for failure, but no good explanation for success. --Paulo Coelho
From a small seed a mighty trunk may grow. --Aeschylus
By providing clear objectives for your team, and setting guardrails for how they get there, you will set them on the path to success. --Chris Fussell
Either I will find a way, or I will make one. --Philip Sidney
Tears of joy are like the summer rain drops pierced by sunbeams. --Hosea Ballou
Success is survival. --Leonard Cohen
I know that when I like music, when it touches my heart, that it will touch your heart, too. That, I think, is the secret to my success. --Andre Rieu
Deserve your dream. --Octavio Paz
Success breeds complacency. Complacency breeds failure. Only the paranoid survive. --Andy Grove
Commercial success still hasn't come to an artist that isn't signed to a record label. There are very few artists that can succeed without the help of a record label. The role of the record label is still required, it's still necessary. --Edgar Bronfman, Jr.
Other people's success spurs me on to do well and gives me motivation. --Nicholas Hoult
A passionate belief in your business and personal objectives can make all the difference between success and failure. If you aren't proud of what you're doing, why should anybody else be? --Richard Branson
Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious. --Stephen Hawking
Anyone who has to fight, even with the most modern weapons, against an enemy in complete command of the air, fights like a savage against modern European troops, under the same handicaps and with the same chances of success. --Erwin Rommel
Success isn't about the end result, it's about what you learn along the way. --Vera Wang
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. --Jimmy Dean
People are beginning to see that the first requisite to success in life is to be a good animal. --Herbert Spencer
Whatever obstacle comes your way, you gotta be prepared to jump over it! And I think that's what separates the legends from the regular artists. It's all in how you manage that success, and how you deal with the controversy when it actually comes. --Akon
I have gone from being a 21-year-old with wide eyes to a 24-year-old woman. With success comes a lot of responsibility and power. --Vanessa Carlton
There's more to life than success, and if you can try to be more well-rounded, you'll be able to enjoy your success more. It won't own you or control you. --Ricky Williams
The road to success is always under construction. --Lily Tomlin
My success was due to good luck, hard work, and support and advice from friends and mentors. But most importantly, it depended on me to keep trying after I had failed. --Mark Warner
The manic pursuit of success cost me everything I could love: my wife, my three children, some friends I would have liked to grow old with. --Sammy Davis, Jr.
Some people dream of success, while other people get up every morning and make it happen. --Wayne Huizenga
Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don't think you can go wrong. --Ella Fitzgerald
No one succeeds without effort... Those who succeed owe their success to perseverance. --Ramana Maharshi
You always draw inspiration from your family or your parents if they've proven to be inspirational. My mother is someone who's always been inspirational to me. --Dustin Clare
I've always thought of acting as more of an exercise in empathy, which is not to be confused with sympathy. You're trying to get inside a certain emotional reality or motivational reality and try to figure out what that's about so you can represent it. --Edward Norton
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th. --Julie Andrews
A desire to be in charge of our own lives, a need for control, is born in each of us. It is essential to our mental health, and our success, that we take control. --Robert Foster Bennett
I want to make sure I don't interfere with the success of that team next year. I don't see any way I could go to practice like most of 'em do, and not hurt the team. I'd go nuts if I tried doing that. --Bear Bryant
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire. --Arnold H. Glasow
Victory has a thousand fathers, but defeat is an orphan. --John F. Kennedy
Positive thinking is the key to success in business, education, pro football, anything that you can mention. I go out there thinking that I'm going to complete every pass. --Ron Jaworski
Every soldier must know, before he goes into battle, how the little battle he is to fight fits into the larger picture, and how the success of his fighting will influence the battle as a whole. --Bernard Law Montgomery
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world. --Robin Williams
Before you can become a millionaire, you must learn to think like one. You must learn how to motivate yourself to counter fear with courage. Making critical decisions about your career, business, investments and other resources conjures up fear, fear that is part of the process of becoming a financial success. --Thomas J. Stanley
Feeling is the consciousness of the resulting conditions - of success, failure, equilibrium, compromise or balance, in this continuous rivalry of ideas. --James Mark Baldwin
Success listens only to applause. To all else it is deaf. --Elias Canetti
There's no success story. Everybody's got a ghetto story. You always want to make it bigger than what it is. --Bernie Mac
Tears are often the telescope by which men see far into heaven. --Henry Ward Beecher
I've always believed that success for anyone is all about drive, dedication, and desire, but for me, it's also been about confidence and faith. --Stephen Curry
I feel like I want to take care of everyone and I also feel this terrible guilt if I am unable to. And I have felt this way ever since all this success started. --Jim Carrey
Success has nothing to do with what you gain in life or accomplish for yourself. It's what you do for others. --Danny Thomas
With self-discipline most anything is possible. --Theodore Roosevelt
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped. --Tony Robbins
'Star Wars' is fun, its exciting, its inspirational, and people respond to that. It's what they want. --George Lucas
I want to be an inspirational model. I want people to look at me and say, 'Wow, she looks healthy.' --Ireland Baldwin
It always seems impossible until it's done. --Nelson Mandela
The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do well, and doing well whatever you do without thought of fame. If it comes at all it will come because it is deserved, not because it is sought after. --Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Reach for the stars. --Christa McAuliffe
I saw a lot of people have success handed to them that then exploited it. They didn't protect it or cherish it. --Aaron Paul
Light tomorrow with today! --Elizabeth Barrett Browning
Successful people make money. It's not that people who make money become successful, but that successful people attract money. They bring success to what they do. --Wayne Dyer
Barack Obama likes to point to General Motors as the poster child for the job creation success of his economic policies. However, whatever your sentiments about the government's bailout of General Motors, for every job Barack Obama 'saved-or-created' in the U.S. there were two jobs off shore. --Bob Beauprez
I think true success is intrinsic... It's love. It's kindness. It's community. --Tom Shadyac
Treat failure as a lesson on how not to approach achieving a goal, and then use that learning to improve your chances of success when you try again. Failure is only the end if you decide to stop. --Richard Branson
Nurture your minds with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes. --Benjamin Disraeli
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth. --Bradley Whitford
No man succeeds without a good woman behind him. Wife or mother, if it is both, he is twice blessed indeed. --Godfrey Winn
The compensation of a very early success is a conviction that life is a romantic matter. In the best sense one stays young. --F. Scott Fitzgerald
My success was not based so much on any great intelligence but on great common sense. --Helen Gurley Brown
Success demands singleness of purpose. --Vince Lombardi
They talk about the failure of socialism but where is the success of capitalism in Africa, Asia and Latin America? --Fidel Castro
Yesterday we obeyed kings and bent our necks before emperors. But today we kneel only to truth, follow only beauty, and obey only love. --Khalil Gibran
At Princeton I gained a great deal of pleasure from success in my classes. knowing that I could accomplish those things, and I realized that my success was directly proportionate to the work I put in. --Brooke Shields
You stand with the least likely to succeed until success is succeeded by something more valuable: kinship. You stand with the belligerent, the surly and the badly behaved until bad behavior is recognized for the language it is: the vocabulary of the deeply wounded and of those whose burdens are more than they can bear. --Greg Boyle
So I feel like success is opportunity plus preparation, so work begets work, and as long as you're prepared it's going to continue to come your way. --Anthony Mackie
Success in golf depends less on strength of body than upon strength of mind and character. --Arnold Palmer
Success is the maximum utilization of the ability that you have. --Zig Ziglar
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on. --Franklin D. Roosevelt
The battle of life is, in most cases, fought uphill; and to win it without a struggle were perhaps to win it without honor. If there were no difficulties there would be no success; if there were nothing to struggle for, there would be nothing to be achieved. --Samuel Smiles
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. --Bill Cosby
I celebrate myself, and sing myself. --Walt Whitman
Let us dream of tomorrow where we can truly love from the soul, and know love as the ultimate truth at the heart of all creation. --Michael Jackson
Achievers have an enabling attitude, realism, and a conviction that they themselves were the laboratory of innovation. Their ability to change themselves is central to their success. They have learned to conserve their energy by minimizing the time spent in regret or complaint. Every event is a lesson to them, every person a teacher. --Marilyn Ferguson
I believe in luck: how else can you explain the success of those you dislike? --Jean Cocteau
We learned about honesty and integrity - that the truth matters... that you don't take shortcuts or play by your own set of rules... and success doesn't count unless you earn it fair and square. --Michelle Obama
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it. --Dwight D. Eisenhower
I do not think that there is any other quality so essential to success of any kind as the quality of perseverance. It overcomes almost everything, even nature. --John D. Rockefeller
To have success in your professional life is not so hard. To succeed as a man is more difficult. --Yann Arthus-Bertrand
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success. --Elbert Hubbard
Every video I've made has an inspirational message behind it. Since day one, I thought, 'Okay, I want my audience to be, like, Disney members.' So if that's the case, I have to keep everything rated G. --Michelle Phan
When you fail you learn from the mistakes you made and it motivates you to work even harder. --Natalie Gulbis
Success is the space one occupies in the newspaper. Success is one day's insolence. --Elias Canetti
I am not afraid... I was born to do this. --Joan of Arc
I think that's a great opportunity, to pick a script where you can build up a good skill. I think the main thing I look for when I look at scripts is if it's inspirational. If it's something that teenagers can relate to. And is it something that the audience is going to get something out of. If not, then it's really not worth doing. --Carly Schroeder
Refuse to accept the belief that your professional relevance, career success or financial security turns on the next update on the latest technology. Sometimes it's good to put the paddle down and just let the canoe glide. --Simon Mainwaring
Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome. --Booker T. Washington
The more we do, the more we can do. --William Hazlitt
If you have no critics you'll likely have no success. --Malcolm X
Teachers are always trying to inspire people to do better, to learn, to grow. That's what we do, and we're proud of the success we've had here doing that, and it's something we'll certainly continue to do. --Nick Saban
People need to realise what real happiness and success is, because success as an actor is fleeting. You can be up there one day and gone the next. --Chuck Norris
Commitment, belief and positive attitude are all important if you're going to be a success, whether you're in sports, in business or, as in my case, anthropology. --Donald Johanson
You can never quit. Winners never quit, and quitters never win. --Ted Turner
Great leaders understand that historical success tends to produce stable and inwardly focused organizations, and these outfits, in turn, reinforce a feeling of contentment with the status quo. --John P. Kotter
Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do. --Pope John XXIII
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful. --Albert Schweitzer
Successful entrepreneurs find the balance between listening to their inner voice and staying persistent in driving for success - because sometimes success is waiting right across from the transitional bump that's disguised as failure. --Naveen Jain
I knew, regardless of anything else, singing in front of an orchestra was going to be inspirational. It would feed me. --George Michael
No man ever achieved worth-while success who did not, at one time or other, find himself with at least one foot hanging well over the brink of failure. --Napoleon Hill
Great hopes make great men. --Thomas Fuller
I used to make up stuff in my bio all the time, that I used to be a professional ice-skater and stuff like that. I found it so inspirational. Why not make myself cooler than I am? --Stephen Colbert
Let every dawn be to you as the beginning of life, and every setting sun be to you as its close. --John Ruskin
There are people out there who hate me and who say I'm arrogant, vain, and whatever. That's all part of my success. I am made to be the best. --Cristiano Ronaldo
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible. --Dalai Lama
Only the educated are free. --Epictetus
Nothing makes one feel so strong as a call for help. --Pope Paul VI
Success is not measured by what you accomplish, but by the opposition you have encountered, and the courage with which you have maintained the struggle against overwhelming odds. --Orison Swett Marden
Success is not the absence of failure; it's the persistence through failure. --Aisha Tyler
An empowered organisation is one in which individuals have the knowledge, skill, desire, and opportunity to personally succeed in a way that leads to collective organisational success. --Stephen Covey
Success is not greedy, as people think, but insignificant. That is why it satisfies nobody. --Lucius Annaeus Seneca
The secret of success is learning how to use pain and pleasure instead of having pain and pleasure use you. If you do that, you're in control of your life. If you don't, life controls you. --Tony Robbins
There is no success without hardship. --Sophocles
I came to America with a dream and I made it. The dream became reality. America is built for success. --Jean-Claude Van Damme
The real secret of success is enthusiasm. --Walter Chrysler
The secret of your success is determined by your daily agenda. --John C. Maxwell
It's the price of success: people start to think you're omnipotent. --Ben Bernanke
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success. --Henry Ford
We need to accept that we won't always make the right decisions, that we'll screw up royally sometimes - understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it's part of success. --Arianna Huffington
I never expected any sort of success with 'Mockingbird'... I sort of hoped someone would like it enough to give me encouragement. --Harper Lee
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph. --Thomas Paine
Success is following the pattern of life one enjoys most. --Al Capp
Taxation is the price we pay for failing to build a civilized society. The higher the tax level, the greater the failure. A centrally planned totalitarian state represents a complete defeat for the civilized world, while a totally voluntary society represents its ultimate success. --Mark Skousen
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start. --Nido Qubein
Quality is not an act, it is a habit. --Aristotle
Time is the most precious element of human existence. The successful person knows how to put energy into time and how to draw success from time. --Denis Waitley
It's cool to have critical success because it's always nice for your peers to say, 'Good job.' But who cares about them? --Zac Hanson
Lord, grant that I may always desire more than I can accomplish. --Michelangelo
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'! --Audrey Hepburn
Act like you expect to get into the end zone. --Christopher Morley
Real success is finding you lifework in the work that you love. --David McCullough
We aim above the mark to hit the mark. --Ralph Waldo Emerson
Silence is the last thing the world will ever hear from me. --Marlee Matlin
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune. --Jim Rohn
I was obliged to be industrious. Whoever is equally industrious will succeed equally well. --Johann Sebastian Bach
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary. --Vince Lombardi
A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week. --George S. Patton
I think that my biggest attribute to any success that I have had is hard work. There really is no substitute for working hard. --Maria Bartiromo
Part of being a man is learning to take responsibility for your successes and for your failures. You can't go blaming others or being jealous. Seeing somebody else's success as your failure is a cancerous way to live. --Kevin Bacon
On the recollection of so many and great favours and blessings, I now, with a high sense of gratitude, presume to offer up my sincere thanks to the Almighty, the Creator and Preserver. --William Bartram
Failure is success if we learn from it. --Malcolm Forbes
Good planning is important. I've also regarded a sense of humor as one of the most important things on a big expedition. When you're in a difficult or dangerous situation, or when you're depressed about the chances of success, someone who can make you laugh eases the tension. --Edmund Hillary
The one thing that makes me feel super lucky about my financial success is that I have a housekeeper. --Gwen Stefani
Every man's life is a fairy tale written by God's fingers. --Hans Christian Andersen
I always envisioned myself being a rapper and being in the game and having success, but you never know what it feels like or how you're going to be when you're there. --Wiz Khalifa
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity. --Ayn Rand
Fear comes in two packages fear of failure, and sometimes, fear of success. --Tom Kite
A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success. --Joyce Brothers
Success has a simple formula: do your best, and people may like it. --Sam Ewing
You look at the tremendous success of Facebook. To my mind there is not a lot of commerce going on in these social networking sites. eBay is a community anchored in commerce. It is a commerce site that built a community around it. What has not been proven is if the reverse can happen and people will go to community sites to do commerce. --Meg Whitman
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today. --H. G. Wells
When it comes to success, there are no shortcuts. --Bo Bennett
Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture. --Lydia M. Child
There is no substitute for victory. --Douglas MacArthur
Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well. --Jim Rohn
A will finds a way. --Orison Swett Marden
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success. --Swami Vivekananda
Have regular hours for work and play; make each day both useful and pleasant, and prove that you understand the worth of time by employing it well. Then youth will be delightful, old age will bring few regrets, and life will become a beautiful success. --Louisa May Alcott
The path to success is to take massive, determined action. --Tony Robbins
There's a lot of blood, sweat, and guts between dreams and success. --Paul Bryant
The secret to success is good leadership, and good leadership is all about making the lives of your team members or workers better. --Tony Dungy
If you've got a talent, protect it. --Jim Carrey
One measure of your success will be the degree to which you build up others who work with you. While building up others, you will build up yourself. --James E. Casey
True leadership lies in guiding others to success. In ensuring that everyone is performing at their best, doing the work they are pledged to do and doing it well. --Bill Owens
You've got to eat while you dream. You've got to deliver on short-range commitments, while you develop a long-range strategy and vision and implement it. The success of doing both. Walking and chewing gum if you will. Getting it done in the short-range, and delivering a long-range plan, and executing on that. --Jack Welch
Those who have succeeded at anything and don't mention luck are kidding themselves. --Larry King
I'm an addict, I'm addicted to success. Thankfully, there's no rehab for success. --Lil Wayne
We are constantly emphasizing to people that they need to address anything that affects flight safety or mission success - many pathways to do that. We need to understand better what may be preventing people from using those pathways. --Ellen Ochoa
It is not the going out of port, but the coming in, that determines the success of a voyage. --Henry Ward Beecher
I worked half my life to be an overnight success, and still it took me by surprise. --Jessica Savitch
I believe that one defines oneself by reinvention. To not be like your parents. To not be like your friends. To be yourself. To cut yourself out of stone. --Henry Rollins
There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living. --Nelson Mandela
The people who influence you are the people who believe in you. --Henry Drummond
Carry on any enterprise as if all future success depended on it. --Cardinal Richelieu
Too low they build, who build beneath the stars. --Edward Young
I think the success that I have is due to hard work and destiny. It is important to stay grounded and not take things for granted. --Alia Bhatt
Success makes so many people hate you. I wish it wasn't that way. It would be wonderful to enjoy success without seeing envy in the eyes of those around you. --Marilyn Monroe
Success is a journey, not a destination. --Ben Sweetland
Lee's great gifts are teaching and inspirational guidance, not administration and management. --Cheryl Crawford
Most of us have far more courage than we ever dreamed we possessed. --Dale Carnegie
Some of the best lessons we ever learn are learned from past mistakes. The error of the past is the wisdom and success of the future. --Dale Turner
You grow up a bit damaged or broken then you have some success but you don't know how to feel good about the work you're doing or the life you're leading. --Johnny Depp
The most effective way to do it, is to do it. --Amelia Earhart
I'm not here to impose Sharia law, and I'm not here to have a message about disability being inspirational - I'm here to make people laugh. But when I can layer things and make people not only laugh but question, make people not only laugh but be offended... I have to do that. --Maysoon Zayid
Success represents the 1% of your work which results from the 99% that is called failure. --Soichiro Honda
Success is sweet and sweeter if long delayed and gotten through many struggles and defeats. --Amos Bronson Alcott
As an actor there's a lot of scrutiny and, even when you've had success, it becomes about sustaining that success. A friend of mine described it as a peakless mountain. Even for De Niro there's Pacino and for Pacino there's De Niro. --Eddie Redmayne
And now, this is the sweetest and most glorious day that ever my eyes did see. --Donald Cargill
Traveling around the country, meeting fans and hearing their stories in person and on my radio show has reenergized my commitment to creating honest and inspirational content that not only serves my own creative purposes but can help and touch others as well. --Nikki Sixx
Success is not two cars or a swimming pool. It's the approval of your peers. --Peter Finch
Many are called but few get up. --Oliver Herford
Whatever you do to gain success, you have to hang in there and hope good things happen. Always think positive. --Don Rickles
A concerted effort to preserve our heritage is a vital link to our cultural, educational, aesthetic, inspirational, and economic legacies - all of the things that quite literally make us who we are. --Steve Berry
Your heart is full of fertile seeds, waiting to sprout. --Morihei Ueshiba
The success I have achieved in bodybuilding, motion pictures, and business would not have been possible without the generosity of the American people and the freedom here to pursue your dreams. --Arnold Schwarzenegger
Of all human activities, man's listening to God is the supreme act of his reasoning and will. --Pope Paul VI
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure. --Benjamin Disraeli
There's a way to do it better - find it. --Thomas A. Edison
Desire is the key to motivation, but it's determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal - a commitment to excellence - that will enable you to attain the success you seek. --Mario Andretti
The key to success is to focus our conscious mind on things we desire not things we fear. --Brian Tracy
Although he's no longer with us, Steve Jobs is still inspirational to me, as he managed to find the balance between right brain/left-brain thinking that is crucial to building a creative technology business. --Imran Amed
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves. --William Arthur Ward
I can, therefore I am. --Simone Weil
I'm going to write a book, continue acting, continue motivational speaking and just share with people who I am and what I've learned in my second chance of life and pass it on to people in their first chance of life. --J. R. Martinez
The foundation stones for a balanced success are honesty, character, integrity, faith, love and loyalty. --Zig Ziglar
In this world it is not what we take up, but what we give up, that makes us rich. --Henry Ward Beecher
When you're working hard and doing all you can to achieve your goals, anything that can give you an edge is powerful and will streamline your path to success. --Travis Bradberry
The most successful men in the end are those whose success is the result of steady accretion. --Alexander Graham Bell
And when I breathed, my breath was lightning. --Black Elk
Business gives you a massive high. Doing a great deal, coming up with an inspirational solution... It's very addictive. But it doesn't last long. In isolation, it's a bit sterile. It doesn't reward the soul. --John Caudwell
Give light and people will find the way. --Ella Baker
There is a loftier ambition than merely to stand high in the world. It is to stoop down and lift mankind a little higher. --Henry Van Dyke
I look up to a strong woman; maybe that's why I fell for Gaga. She works incredibly hard and is very strong and inspirational like Mom, with a great work ethic. --Taylor Kinney
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit. --Bernard Williams
The success combination in business is: Do what you do better... and: do more of what you do. --David Joseph Schwartz
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you do, you'll be successful. --Tyga
Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks, and courage. --Charles Luckman
That man is a success who has lived well, laughed often and loved much. --Robert Louis Stevenson
Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow's reality. --Malala Yousafzai
The hardest thing to find in life is balance - especially, the more success you have, the more you look to the other side of the gate. --Celine Dion
I do like alternative rock and rap, but as far as inspirational, then I go full-on orchestra. It fills up your entire being. --Osric Chau
Such a faith would be fatal to my reason, to my liberty, and even to the success of my undertakings; it would immediately transform me into a stupid slave, an instrument of the will and interests of others. --Mikhail Bakunin
When Bill Clinton ran in '92, and I listened to him, and I had of course known of his record from Arkansas, I found him extraordinarily inspirational, and I voted Democratic. --Wesley Clark
I've a great family, two children to take care of. Then, of course, I do commentary for TV. I do speak about various women's issues around the world - like LGBT, motivational speeches. I have a lot on my plate right now. But eventually, yes, I would like to pass on the knowledge and something that I would like to do. --Martina Navratilova
However things may seem, no evil thing is success and no good thing is failure. --Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. --Bill Cosby
Luxury is the wolf at the door and its fangs are the vanities and conceits germinated by success. When an artist learns this, he knows where the danger is. --Tennessee Williams
Some say I'm an overnight success. Well, that was a very long night that lasted about 10 years. --Lisa Morton
The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success. --Paramahansa Yogananda
Success is not in never failing, but rising everytime you fall! --Jonathan Taylor Thomas
The NFL is a performance-based business, so you should have to perform to earn some of your money. At the same time, I realize that my success isn't just because of what I do out there. --Colin Kaepernick
After a storm comes a calm. --Matthew Henry
Failure is not an option. Everyone has to succeed. --Arnold Schwarzenegger
It is so inspirational, to see that in the world of Westeros, men are answering to women, and they are a force to be reckoned with. It's empowering, and it's inspirational as well, because you're just like, 'This is great!' --Rose Leslie
I've been very lucky to have achieved a lot of the things that I dreamt of achieving as a young man. But, at the end of the day - and I truly believe this - it is not about achieving great wealth or success. Because they don't bring happiness, ultimately. --Leonardo DiCaprio
There are people who can achieve huge success in life, while adding a bit of fun and a splash of colour to this increasingly grey world. --Peter James
Success is finding satisfaction in giving a little more than you take. --Christopher Reeve
We know what we are, but know not what we may be. --William Shakespeare
For marriage to be a success, every woman and every man should have her and his own bathroom. The end. --Catherine Zeta-Jones
I have an idea of who I want to be, I have a vision of my own success. --Wiz Khalifa
Success follows those adept at preserving the substance of the past by clothing it in the forms of the future. --Dee Hock
The secret of my success is my hairspray. --Richard Gere
Whatever you want in life, other people are going to want it too. Believe in yourself enough to accept the idea that you have an equal right to it. --Diane Sawyer
Beside every great success are the seeds of enormous failure. In every failure, there's the opportunity seeds of great success. They're not miles apart. So if they're that close together, and if you're really working, you're always gonna have that likelihood that something's not going to work. --Peter Guber
People fall forward to success. --Mary Kay Ash
I wonder how many times people give up just before a breakthrough - when they are on the very brink of success. --Joyce Meyer
I wish I could just go tell all the young women I work with, all these fabulous women, 'Believe in yourself and negotiate for yourself. Own your own success.' I wish I could tell that to my daughter. But it's not that simple. --Sheryl Sandberg
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible. --Tony Robbins
As I've progressed in my career, I've come to appreciate - and really value - the other attributes that define a company's success beyond the P&L: great leadership, long-term financial strength, ethical business practices, evolving business strategies, sound governance, powerful brands, values-based decision-making. --Ursula Burns
Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing. --Vince Lombardi
Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities. --Walter Scott
'Do What You Gotta Do' is a positive, inspirational song that says no matter what it is; whether you're up against challenges or trying to get your dreams and aspirations met, you should do what whatever you have to do shy of killing yourself or someone else. --Angie Stone
If you want to achieve things in life, you've just got to do them, and if you're talented and smart, you'll succeed. --Juliana Hatfield
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally. --David Frost
The secret of success is constancy to purpose. --Benjamin Disraeli
I've lost count of the number of times that I've been approached by strangers wanting to tell me that they think I'm brave or inspirational, and this was long before my work had any kind of public profile. --Stella Young
Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love? --Fulton J. Sheen
You must take action now that will move you towards your goals. Develop a sense of urgency in your life. --H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it. --Oprah Winfrey
Many individuals are doing what they can. But real success can only come if there is a change in our societies and in our economics and in our politics. --David Attenborough
Success cannot come from standstill men. Methods change and men must change with them. --James Cash Penney
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is liking what you get. --H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
The difference between us and them, between you and success, is not that you never fail, but it's how you recover from those failures - is that you keep getting up time and time again. You figure out what you did wrong, and then you make it right. I say that to my kids every day. --Michelle Obama
Like success, failure is many things to many people. With Positive Mental Attitude, failure is a learning experience, a rung on the ladder, a plateau at which to get your thoughts in order and prepare to try again. --W. Clement Stone
Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along. --George Herbert
I've been absolutely terrified every moment of my life - and I've never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do. --Georgia O'Keeffe
When one must, one can. --Charlotte Whitton
I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.' --Muhammad Ali
I don't think 'Cocktail' was a perfect critical success, but it touched a vein in our culture. --Elisabeth Shue
Think little goals and expect little achievements. Think big goals and win big success. --David Joseph Schwartz
So I wanted to sing inspirational music, and that's exactly how I approached it - only the words have been changed to declare my relationship with God. --Smokey Robinson
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared. --Buddha
Every charitable act is a stepping stone toward heaven. --Henry Ward Beecher
I must admit that I personally measure success in terms of the contributions an individual makes to her or his fellow human beings. --Margaret Mead
More than half of people who leave their jobs do so because of their relationship with their boss. Smart companies make certain their managers know how to balance being professional with being human. These are the bosses who celebrate an employee's success, empathize with those going through hard times, and challenge people, even when it hurts. --Travis Bradberry
The common idea that success spoils people by making them vain, egotistic and self-complacent is erroneous; on the contrary it makes them, for the most part, humble, tolerant and kind. --W. Somerset Maugham
The success of a production depends on the attention paid to detail. --David O. Selznick
When a small child, I thought that success spelled happiness. I was wrong, happiness is like a butterfly which appears and delights us for one brief moment, but soon flits away. --Anna Pavlova
The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand. --Vince Lombardi
To follow, without halt, one aim: that's the secret of success. --Anna Pavlova
I would say I'm an inspirational guidelines book. You can take my life story or scenarios or songs and relate to them and apply them to your everyday life. --Chris Brown
You cannot climb the ladder of success dressed in the costume of failure. --Zig Ziglar
Greatness is so often a courteous synonym for great success. --Philip Guedalla
No matter how much success you're having, you can't continue working together if you can't communicate. --Matt Cameron
Pray that success will not come any faster than you are able to endure it. --Elbert Hubbard
I am never without my lyric book. If anything inspirational happens, I have it there so nothing's forgotten. --Gabrielle Aplin
In sports teams, apart from talk of sporting prowess and the imparting of inspirational thought, an extraordinary amount of time is spent discussing, and flaunting, material possessions. --Harsha Bhogle
I have had all of the disadvantages required for success. --Larry Ellison
You will never win if you never begin. --Helen Rowland
I sort of understood that when I first started: that you shouldn't repeat a success. Very often you're going to, and maybe the first time you do, it works. And you love it. But then you're trapped. --Jack Nicholson
People are the key to success or extraordinary success. --Azim Premji
There's no abiding success without commitment. --Tony Robbins
Check your ego at the door. The ego can be the great success inhibitor. It can kill opportunities, and it can kill success. --Dwayne Johnson
In fact, I wouldn't really call this a Gospel album, I call it more an inspirational album. --Smokey Robinson
Don't fight the problem, decide it. --George C. Marshall
True happiness involves the full use of one's power and talents. --John W. Gardner
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be. --Ken Venturi
Seventy percent of success in life is showing up. --Woody Allen
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. --Robert Louis Stevenson
The ideal life is in our blood and never will be still. --Phillips Brooks
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. --Colin Powell
The reward of art is not fame or success but intoxication: that is why so many bad artists are unable to give it up. --Jean Cocteau
We've had great successes, but our future is not about our past success. It's going to be about whether we will invent things that are really going to drive our future. --Satya Nadella
Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any. It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing. --Thomas Jefferson
The greatest sign of success for a teacher... is to be able to say, 'The children are now working as if I did not exist.' --Maria Montessori
He has achieved success who has worked well, laughed often, and loved much. --Elbert Hubbard
I congratulate you, my brave countrymen and fellow soldiers, on the spirit and success with which you have executed this important part of our enterprise. --James Wolfe
I do a lot of inspirational talks for kids, to motivate them to change their lives and give them hope. --Adam Beach
An artist cannot fail; it is a success to be one. --Charles Horton Cooley
The more defects a man may have, the older he is, the less lovable, the more resounding his success. --Marquis de Sade
If you don't ask, you don't get. --Stevie Wonder
Success doesn't necessarily come from breakthrough innovation but from flawless execution. A great strategy alone won't win a game or a battle; the win comes from basic blocking and tackling. --Naveen Jain
Success is nothing if you don't have the right people to share it with; you're just gonna end up lonely. --Selena Gomez
What makes the desert beautiful is that somewhere it hides a well. --Antoine de Saint-Exupery
People think that at the top there isn't much room. They tend to think of it as an Everest. My message is that there is tons of room at the top. --Margaret Thatcher
With the success of a show, you get an opportunity to call attention to things that you believe in. --Bradley Whitford
I pull a lot of the stuff that I play off the rhythm tracks - and Keith Richards has been one of the main contributors to my inspirational playing. --Bobby Keys
Hope is but the dream of those who wake. --Matthew Prior
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. --Thomas A. Edison
You don't have to be a genius or a visionary or even a college graduate to be successful. You just need a framework and a dream. --Michael Dell
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world. --Lily Tomlin
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine. --Flip Wilson
For an actress to be a success, she must have the face of a Venus, the brains of a Minerva, the grace of Terpsichore, the memory of a MaCaulay, the figure of Juno, and the hide of a rhinoceros. --Ethel Barrymore
The way a team plays as a whole determines its success. --George Herman
I have always been pushed by the negative. The apparent failure of a play sends me back to my typewriter that very night, before the reviews are out. I am more compelled to get back to work than if I had a success. --Tennessee Williams
Oh, I would love to be a motivational speaker. I have pulled myself out of a million potholes, and I can see the potholes ahead of me. That doesn't mean that I could always do that so perfectly for my own life. I totally fall in potholes. --Drew Barrymore
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. --Helen Keller
We do not celebrate people who have made success out of serious hard work. --Iain Duncan Smith
I went to a motivational training course once, a course of self-discovery, and I found out after a week that my fear - it was not a fear of not being accepted - was a very violent fear of failure. --Emanuel Steward
The will to succeed is important, but what's more important is the will to prepare. --Bobby Knight
If I could offer but one helpful hint to young Hoosiers hoping to better their odds for success in life, I would simply note the importance of thoughtful reading. --Richard Lugar
We reached a high point in my opinion with the passage of the civil rights legislation and Martin Luther King's success and the crusade of others. I think we kind of breathed a sigh of relief as if we had achieved the end of racial discrimination or white supremacy. --Jimmy Carter
Happiness is the natural flower of duty. --Phillips Brooks
I wanted to do something inspirational for my children. --Harvey Weinstein
My success is not due to any personal superiority over other people. --John Philip Sousa
Success is like death. The more successful you become, the higher the houses in the hills get and the higher the fences get. --Kevin Spacey
Willpower is the key to success. Successful people strive no matter what they feel by applying their will to overcome apathy, doubt or fear. --Dan Millman
The winner's edge is not in a gifted birth, a high IQ, or in talent. The winner's edge is all in the attitude, not aptitude. Attitude is the criterion for success. --Denis Waitley
I think 'Heroes of Cosplay' will show a lot of the positive things, like how much effort it takes to make a costume. These people on the show aren't taking shortcuts. As long as that effort gets through to the viewers, we will be inspirational. Then there will be people who watch the show that want to get in and hands-on make outfits. --Yaya Han
Success is dependent on effort. --Sophocles
I think if there's something one needs to change with oneself, it doesn't have to happen in the New Year. You can do that any time you please - not that it's not a good inspirational tactic for the people that it works for. --Brittany Murphy
Courage, my friends; 'tis not too late to build a better world. --Tommy Douglas
Don't be afraid of failure; be afraid of petty success. --Maude Adams
I'll tell you, there is nothing better in life than being a late bloomer. I believe that success can happen at any time and at any age. --Salma Hayek
Miracles are a retelling in small letters of the very same story which is written across the whole world in letters too large for some of us to see. --C. S. Lewis
The will to persevere is often the difference between failure and success. --David Sarnoff
I attribute my success to my mental approach to the game. I have always been a serious student of umpiring. I enjoy studying rules, situations, and positioning. --Jim Evans
Had I not come out with an inspirational CD, you perhaps would have never known that I feel like I feel, that all songs, all the music I've ever done is a gift from God. --Smokey Robinson
We just want to win. That's the bottom line. I think a lot of times people may become content with one championship or a little bit of success, but we don't really reflect on what we've done in the past. We focus on the present. --Derek Jeter
I'm lucky to be part of a team who help to make me look good, and they deserve as much of the credit for my success as I do for the hard work we have all put in on the training ground. --Lionel Messi
Success consists of getting up just one more time than you fall. --Oliver Goldsmith
In order that people may be happy in their work, these three things are needed: They must be fit for it. They must not do too much of it. And they must have a sense of success in it. --John Ruskin
The one thing that I know is that you win with good people. --Don Shula
I have looked into your eyes with my eyes. I have put my heart near your heart. --Pope John XXIII
I can honestly say that I was never affected by the question of the success of an undertaking. If I felt it was the right thing to do, I was for it regardless of the possible outcome. --Golda Meir
Fun opens the doors to creativity, which then leads to inspiration, which then births passion, which all together equals both happiness and success! --Rachele Brooke Smith
Architecture is not an inspirational business, it's a rational procedure to do sensible and hopefully beautiful things; that's all. --Harry Seidler
Every person who wins in any undertaking must be willing to cut all sources of retreat. Only by doing so can one be sure of maintaining that state of mind known as a burning desire to win - essential to success. --Napoleon Hill
Encouragement of higher education for our youth is critical to the success of our collective future. --Charles B. Rangel
The secret of my success is a two word answer: Know people. --Harvey S. Firestone
It is by acts and not by ideas that people live. --Anatole France
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure. --George Edward Woodberry
What drives success, and the most successful students, is internal motivation. --Vivienne Ming
Success is the child of drudgery and perseverance. It cannot be coaxed or bribed; pay the price and it is yours. --Orison Swett Marden
Our time here is magic! It's the only space you have to realize whatever it is that is beautiful, whatever is true, whatever is great, whatever is potential, whatever is rare, whatever is unique, in. It's the only space. --Ben Okri
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God. --Leo Buscaglia
For true success ask yourself these four questions: Why? Why not? Why not me? Why not now? --James Allen
Even successful musicians have had periods where people say they suck and no one likes them, even after they've had periods of great success. So I think it's like you just gotta do you and try to stay motivated. Until, you know, you decide to stay home and make spaghetti all day. --K. Flay
We are taught to consume. And that's what we do. But if we realized that there really is no reason to consume, that it's just a mind set, that it's just an addiction, then we wouldn't be out there stepping on people's hands climbing the corporate ladder of success. --River Phoenix
I wish that the Indians believed me a god, for upon the report of an enemy's valor oftentimes depends the success of a battle, and false reports have many times done as great things as true courage and resolution. --Alexander the Great
Men judge us by the success of our efforts. God looks at the efforts themselves. --Charlotte Bronte
I think there's an awful lot of noise about the Church being persecuted but there is a more real issue that the conventional churches face - that the people who are really driving their revival and success believe in an old-time religion which, in my view, is incompatible with a modern, multi-ethnic, multicultural society. --Trevor Phillips
You never know when some small thing will lead to a big idea. Travel is very inspirational - but it's in the ordinary that I find my themes of love and work and family. --Adriana Trigiani
Without craftsmanship, inspiration is a mere reed shaken in the wind. --Johannes Brahms
Success in its highest and noblest form calls for peace of mind and enjoyment and happiness which come only to the man who has found the work that he likes best. --Napoleon Hill
I am very conscious of who I am as an artist and as an inspirational person. --R. Kelly
He conquers who endures. --Persius
Motivation will almost always beat mere talent. --Norman Ralph Augustine
Think twice before you speak, because your words and influence will plant the seed of either success or failure in the mind of another. --Napoleon Hill
Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in. --Bill Bradley
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top. --Napoleon Hill
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way. --Dale Carnegie
Success in life is founded upon attention to the small things rather than to the large things; to the every day things nearest to us rather than to the things that are remote and uncommon. --Booker T. Washington
What I have in common with the character in 'Truman' is this incredible need to please people. I feel like I want to take care of everyone and I also feel this terrible guilt if I am unable to. And I have felt this way ever since all this success started. --Jim Carrey
Thelonious Monk was one of the musicians I most connected with early on. I'm a huge Betty Carter fan, and the way that Abbey Lincoln and Shirley Horn grew immensely from the time they were young is so inspirational. --Cecile McLorin Salvant
Not on one strand are all life's jewels strung. --William Morris
In order to attain the impossible, one must attempt the absurd. --Miguel de Cervantes
The historical basis for the gap between the black middle class and underclass shows that ending discrimination, by itself, would not eradicate black poverty and dysfunction. We also need intervention to promulgate a middle-class ethic of success among the poor, while expanding opportunities for economic betterment. --Henry Louis Gates
My parents are very proud of my success but still worry, as I'm in a profession where there is no guarantee of work. They have always supported my decision to go into acting, but there have been tough times work-wise. --David Harewood
Keep all special thoughts and memories for lifetimes to come. Share these keepsakes with others to inspire hope and build from the past, which can bridge to the future. --Mattie Stepanek
It is very important to know who you are. To make decisions. To show who you are. --Malala Yousafzai
Self-belief and hard work will always earn you success. --Virat Kohli
I have had success throughout the years. Some of the hard rock bands today don't have the history that I have. --Gary Cherone
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style. --Maya Angelou
The survival of liberty in our land increasingly depends on the success of liberty in other lands. The best hope for peace in our world is the expansion of freedom in all the world. --Bill Frist
I really think that it's disgusting that Paris is the only place where it is illegal for paps to follow you around. It actually took someone losing their life - Diana, an inspirational woman - and then it changed, but they still won't change it in London! It's horrible! --Cara Delevingne
Lord knows, every day is not a success, every year is not a success. You have to celebrate the good. --Reese Witherspoon
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him. --Jim Elliot
God has already done everything He's going to do. The ball is now in your court. If you want success, if you want wisdom, if you want to be prosperous and healthy, you're going to have to do more than meditate and believe; you must boldly declare words of faith and victory over yourself and your family. --Joel Osteen
Success in almost any field depends more on energy and drive than it does on intelligence. This explains why we have so many stupid leaders. --Sloan Wilson
The success and the failure are not my concern, but His. --Joseph Barber Lightfoot
I do love to eavesdrop. It's inspirational, not only for subject matter but for actual dialogue, the way people talk. --Lynda Barry
Every success story has a parent who says, 'over my dead body.' Every success story has an old person who walks up to you and says, when you're acting the fool, 'you know I worry about you sometimes.' --Bill Cosby
Success in business today requires real-time, mobile access to business opportunities. --Bob McDonnell
Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success; leadership determines whether the ladder is leaning against the right wall. --Stephen Covey
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome. --Michael Jordan
We convince by our presence. --Walt Whitman
Always desire to learn something useful. --Sophocles
In the United States there's a Puritan ethic and a mythology of success. He who is successful is good. In Latin countries, in Catholic countries, a successful person is a sinner. --Umberto Eco
If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants. --Isaac Newton
I think the biggest challenge is to continue on the same path. I think it's easy to become complacent from the success you've had. --Jason Derulo
The dog that trots about finds a bone. --Golda Meir
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best. --Epictetus
Flaming enthusiasm, backed up by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success. --Dale Carnegie
Every day we should hear at least one little song, read one good poem, see one exquisite picture, and, if possible, speak a few sensible words. --Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Noble deeds that are concealed are most esteemed. --Blaise Pascal
I wrote '('Til) I Kissed You' about a girl I met in Australia. Her name was Lilian, and she was very, very inspirational. I was married, but... I wrote the song about her on the way back home. --Don Everly
We learned about gratitude and humility - that so many people had a hand in our success, from the teachers who inspired us to the janitors who kept our school clean... and we were taught to value everyone's contribution and treat everyone with respect. --Michelle Obama
I'd like to one day be featured on a list of inspirational people who have made a difference in the world, whether it be helping underprivileged people or putting an end to the poaching of wildlife in Africa. --Candice Swanepoel
A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil. --Victor Hugo
To get down to the quick of it, respect motivates me - not success. --Hugh Jackman
It's how you deal with failure that determines how you achieve success. --Charlotte Whitton
Success consists in being successful, not in having potential for success. Any wide piece of ground is the potential site of a palace, but there's no palace till it's built. --Fernando Pessoa
That should be the measure of success for everyone. It's not money, it's not fame, it's not celebrity; my index of success is happiness. --Lupe Fiasco
Within the hearts men, loyalty and consideration are esteemed greater than success. --Bryant H. McGill
Communication - the human connection - is the key to personal and career success. --Paul J. Meyer
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. --Unknown
A tragic irony of life is that we so often achieve success or financial independence after the chief reason for which we sought it has passed away. --Ellen Glasgow
God sleeps in the minerals, awakens in plants, walks in animals, and thinks in man. --Arthur Young
True leaders don't invest in buildings. Jesus never built a building. They invest in people. Why? Because success without a successor is failure. So your legacy should not be in buildings, programs, or projects; your legacy must be in people. --Myles Munroe
Success is never final, failure is never fatal. It's courage that counts. --John Wooden
Be faithful to that which exists within yourself. --Andre Gide
All those who are around me are the bridge to my success, so they are all important. --Manny Pacquiao
Success is about dedication. You may not be where you want to be or do what you want to do when you're on the journey. But you've got to be willing to have vision and foresight that leads you to an incredible end. --Usher
You just can't beat the person who never gives up. --Babe Ruth
Success in any endeavor depends on the degree to which it is an expression of your true self. --Ralph Marston
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. --Vince Lombardi
Anybody who succeeds is helping people. The secret to success is find a need and fill it; find a hurt and heal it; find a problem and solve it. --Robert H. Schuller
Stem cell research holds enormous promise for easing human suffering, and federal support is critical to its success. --Tom Harkin
The keys to brand success are self-definition, transparency, authenticity and accountability. --Simon Mainwaring
Remember you will not always win. Some days, the most resourceful individual will taste defeat. But there is, in this case, always tomorrow - after you have done your best to achieve success today. --Maxwell Maltz
Young man, the secret of my success is that at early age I discovered that I was not God. --Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.
I think it's way harder when you have success, 'cause people tend to not treat you the same or look at you the same because they see the success or the money you make. --Meek Mill
Nothing succeeds like success. --Alexandre Dumas
Always remember that striving and struggle precede success, even in the dictionary. --Sarah Ban Breathnach
I was sure I'd set the world on fire, and it was hard for a young feller like me to realize the truth - that I hadn't set the world on fire, and I was totally unprepared to handle the consequences if 'The Big Trail' had been a success and launched me as a star. --John Wayne
If you can figure out my success on the screen, you're a better man than I. --Alan Ladd
What were once only hopes for the future have now come to pass; it is almost exactly 13 years since the overwhelming majority of people in Ireland and Northern Ireland voted in favour of the agreement signed on Good Friday 1998, paving the way for Northern Ireland to become the exciting and inspirational place that it is today. --Queen Elizabeth II
The two most important requirements for major success are: first, being in the right place at the right time, and second, doing something about it. --Ray Kroc
No foreign policy - no matter how ingenious - has any chance of success if it is born in the minds of a few and carried in the hearts of none. --Henry Kissinger
The secrets of success are a good wife and a steady job. My wife told me. --Howard Nemerov
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. --Thomas A. Edison
Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit. --e. e. cummings
I want to make this world perfect. --Malala Yousafzai
At the end of the day, you are solely responsible for your success and your failure. And the sooner you realize that, you accept that, and integrate that into your work ethic, you will start being successful. As long as you blame others for the reason you aren't where you want to be, you will always be a failure. --Erin Cummings
Personal relationships are the fertile soil from which all advancement, all success, all achievement in real life grows. --Ben Stein
If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself. --Henry Ford
Pursue one great decisive aim with force and determination. --Carl von Clausewitz
Joy descends gently upon us like the evening dew, and does not patter down like a hailstorm. --Jean Paul
Often, these downplay the power of cultural imperialism - in that sense, playing the game of US interests - by reassuring us that the global success of American mass culture is not as bad as all that. --Fredric Jameson
As knowledge increases, wonder deepens. --Charles Morgan
Success isn't everything but it makes a man stand straight. --Lillian Hellman
I am highly offended by the total lack of acknowledgement of my contribution to Laker success. --Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
You see countries like India really investing in their space program because they see it as inspirational and good for their economy. --Ellen Stofan
My dad is too cute. Every morning, he sends me one motivational quote. I have a folder full of all his quotes. --Alia Bhatt
A #2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere. --Joyce Meyer
Learning to celebrate success is a key component of learning how to win in the market. --Douglas Conant
You have to make it happen. --Denis Diderot
Past success is no guarantee of future success, so I have learned to be an entrepreneur. I began to produce and direct my own projects. --Ian Ziering
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. --Henry David Thoreau
There's no secret about success. Did you ever know a successful man who didn't tell you about it? --Kin Hubbard
What is called genius is the abundance of life and health. --Henry David Thoreau
Earn your success based on service to others, not at the expense of others. --H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Our limitations and success will be based, most often, on your own expectations for ourselves. What the mind dwells upon, the body acts upon. --Denis Waitley
Knock the 't' off the 'can't' --George Reeves
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. --Winston Churchill
Thought is the wind, knowledge the sail, and mankind the vessel. --Augustus Hare
Begin to be now what you will be hereafter. --William James
Success consecrates the most offensive crimes. --Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Success is tricky to deal with, both professionally and in your personal life. --Ewan McGregor
I've worked too hard and too long to let anything stand in the way of my goals. I will not let my teammates down and I will not let myself down. --Mia Hamm
You will be a failure, until you impress the subconscious with the conviction you are a success. This is done by making an affirmation which 'clicks.' --Florence Scovel Shinn
'No one can make you successful; the will to success comes from within.' I've made this my motto. I've internalized it to the point of understanding that the success of my actions and/or endeavors doesn't depend on anyone else, and that includes a possible failure. --Fabrizio Moreira
I love inspirational R&B, like Mary J. Blige and Jennifer Hudson. I want to do that. That kind of music stays with you. --Ashthon Jones
You just hope that you will get the opportunity to do what you love and pay your bills, and that is being a success as an actor. --Debra Messing
Creative risk taking is essential to success in any goal where the stakes are high. Thoughtless risks are destructive, of course, but perhaps even more wasteful is thoughtless caution which prompts inaction and promotes failure to seize opportunity. --Gary Ryan Blair
Vitality shows in not only the ability to persist but the ability to start over. --F. Scott Fitzgerald
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast. --Alfred A. Montapert
Awards are not the only markers of success; I don't judge myself just based on them. I believe that each cinema-goer has his own mental trophies. --Fan Bingbing
I think that the reason for my success is that I am really not aspirational. I am inspirational in that the people at home feel like they can really relate to me. --Rosie O'Donnell
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination. --Earl Nightingale
Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success. --Joyce Brothers
Do not weep; do not wax indignant. Understand. --Baruch Spinoza
Barack Obama's inspirational whoosh to the presidency in 2008 was unusual. Most campaigns are less exhilarating; indeed, they are downright disappointing - until someone wins. --Joe Klein
If you could only love enough, you could be the most powerful person in the world. --Emmet Fox
A great secret of success is to go through life as a man who never gets used up. --Albert Schweitzer
Space exploration is important research to our economic and national defense, and America's space program is a symbol of our success as a scientifically and technologically advanced nation. --Randy Forbes
Let your life lightly dance on the edges of Time like dew on the tip of a leaf. --Rabindranath Tagore
I believe that one key to success is to accept truth, no matter how it's spoken. --Robert Kiyosaki
The undertaking of a new action brings new strength. --Richard L. Evans
The foundation of success in life is good health: that is the substratum fortune; it is also the basis of happiness. A person cannot accumulate a fortune very well when he is sick. --P. T. Barnum
I worked at The Old Globe Theater under the great baton of Craig Noel. One of the great theater heroes that we have. He was so great and so inspirational. I think I did 'Antony and Cleopatra' and 'The Taming of the Shrew'. I lived in Ocean Beach, and my rent was $140 a month. --Jeffrey Tambor
A man has to learn that he cannot command things, but that he can command himself; that he cannot coerce the wills of others, but that he can mold and master his own will: and things serve him who serves Truth; people seek guidance of him who is master of himself. --James Allen
Learning how to be still, to really be still and let life happen - that stillness becomes a radiance. --Morgan Freeman
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts. --Eleanor Roosevelt
Try to look at your weakness and convert it into your strength. That's success. --Zig Ziglar
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get. --Dale Carnegie
You know you are on the road to success if you would do your job, and not be paid for it. --Oprah Winfrey
We've been surrounded by images of space our whole lives, from the speculative images of science fiction to the inspirational visions of artists to the increasingly beautiful pictures made possible by complex technologies. But whilst we have an overwhelmingly vivid visual understanding of space, we have no sense of what space sounds like. --Honor Harger
To this day, just always treat people the way you want to be treated. Whether it's family or friends or co-workers, I think it's the most important thing. Whether you have success or don't have it, whether you're a good person is all that matters. --Brenda Song
Success is not a place at which one arrives but rather the spirit with which one undertakes and continues the journey. --Alex Noble
I would love to be a guest on a talk show or a panel that shows women who have been on reality shows who've had success, to prove to audiences that you don't have to be a fool to become successful. --NeNe Leakes
Growing up, in church we had the homily; at home it's what I call the 'momily' - the inspirational and instructive mom-isms that every family has. --Christine Pelosi
Wherever you are - be all there. --Jim Elliot
Everyone who achieves success in a great venture, solves each problem as they came to it. They helped themselves. And they were helped through powers known and unknown to them at the time they set out on their voyage. They keep going regardless of the obstacles they met. --W. Clement Stone
The power of pop culture stories should not be underestimated, and there is an enormous potential for inspirational stories that can have a positive, transformative effect on our lives. --Anita Sarkeesian
I have always believed, and I still believe, that whatever good or bad fortune may come our way we can always give it meaning and transform it into something of value. --Hermann Hesse
Choose something you like to do. I know it's a cliche, and you've heard it over and over. But the reason is, you're going to have to work long and hard to achieve any success. You better like it or life is going to be terrible. --Bill Kurtis
I attribute my success to this - I never gave or took any excuse. --Florence Nightingale
I believe in the city as a natural human environment, but we must humanize it. It's art that will re-define public space in the 21st Century. We can make our cities diverse, inspirational places by putting art, dance and performance in all its forms into the matrix of street life. --Antony Gormley
There is nothing more difficult to take in hand, more perilous to conduct, or more uncertain in its success, than to take the lead in the introduction of a new order of things. --Niccolo Machiavelli
If you work just for money, you'll never make it, but if you love what you're doing and you always put the customer first, success will be yours. --Ray Kroc
Inspirational leaders need to have a winning mentality in order to inspire respect. It is hard to trust in the leadership of someone who is half-hearted about their purpose, or only sporadic in focus or enthusiasm. --Sebastian Coe
It's harder to be a success, globally, and be artistic. Harder to have that balance than just to be artistic when nobody understands you. --Andre Benjamin
We help people to begin truly healthful diets, and it is absolutely wonderful to see, not only their success, but also their delight at their ability to break old habits and feel really healthy for a change. --Neal Barnard
The hardest thing to find in life is balance - especially the more success you have, the more you look to the other side of the gate. What do I need to stay grounded, in touch, in love, connected, emotionally balanced? Look within yourself. --Celine Dion
The decadent international but individualistic capitalism in the hands of which we found ourselves after the war is not a success. It is not intelligent. It is not beautiful. It is not just. It is not virtuous. And it doesn't deliver the goods. --John Maynard Keynes
One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation. --Arthur Ashe
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow. --A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe to assure the survival and the success of liberty. --John F. Kennedy
I define success as being comfortable with yourself and your life. And that is about as good as it gets, really. --Treat Williams
Go big or go home. Because it's true. What do you have to lose? --Eliza Dushku
Who would have thought that a tap-dancing penguin would outpoint James Bond at the box office? And deserve to? Not that there's anything wrong with 'Casino Royale.' But 'Happy Feet' - written and directed by George Miller - is a complete charmer, even if, in the way of most family fare, it can't resist straying into the Inspirational. --Robert Gottlieb
The only true measure of success is the ratio between what we might have done and what we might have been on the one hand, and the thing we have made and the things we have made of ourselves on the other. --H. G. Wells
The more things you do, the more you can do. --Lucille Ball
Success to me is having ten honeydew melons and eating only the top half of each slice. --Barbra Streisand
You'll never convince me there is a hopeless situation or there is any finality in any success or any failure. --Carlos Ghosn
To burn always with this hard, gem-like flame, to maintain this ecstasy, is success in life. --Walter Pater
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds. --Gordon B. Hinckley
Never retreat. Never explain. Get it done and let them howl. --Benjamin Jowett
Action is the foundational key to all success. --Pablo Picasso
President Obama called for a 'we' nation in his Inauguration Address. Art convenes. It is not just inspirational. It is aspirational. It pricks the walls of our compartmentalized minds, opens our hearts and makes us brave. And that's what we need most in our country today. --Anna Deavere Smith
Success is due to our stretching to the challenges of life. Failure comes when we shrink from them. --John C. Maxwell
It is the hopeful, buoyant, cheerful attitude of mind that wins. Optimism is a success builder; pessimism an achievement killer. --Orison Swett Marden
It's hard for a man to live with a successful woman - they seem to resent you so much. Very few men are generous enough to accept success in their women. --Shirley Bassey
A minute's success pays the failure of years. --Robert Browning
You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals. --George S. Patton
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground. --Theodore Roosevelt
Success without honor is an unseasoned dish; it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good. --Joe Paterno
That's the key to success, isn't it? It has to be fun. --Monica Seles
I don't think about financial success as the measurement of my success. --Christie Hefner
Hope is a state of mind, not of the world. Hope, in this deep and powerful sense, is not the same as joy that things are going well, or willingness to invest in enterprises that are obviously heading for success, but rather an ability to work for something because it is good. --Vaclav Havel
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do. --Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star. --W. Clement Stone
It is a mistake to suppose that men succeed through success; they much oftener succeed through failures. Precept, study, advice, and example could never have taught them so well as failure has done. --Samuel Smiles
Success is counted sweetest by those who never succeed. --Emily Dickinson
Success is dependent upon the glands - sweat glands. --Zig Ziglar
Success is the one unpardonable sin against our fellows. --Ambrose Bierce
For me, success is a state of mind. I feel like success isn't about conquering something; it's being happy with who you are. --Britney Spears
It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things. --Leonardo da Vinci
More power than all the success slogans ever penned by human hand is the realization for every man that he has but one boss. That boss is the man - he - himself. --Gabriel Heatter
Success is not only one thing. It's not only having a nice house in Beverly Hills and driving a nice Mercedes. --Malik Bendjelloul
Hopefully, when people see 'Senna', they will understand why this inspirational story needed to be told, why it had to be made as a movie for the big screen, and why it is a film for everyone. --Asif Kapadia
Almost every college playwright or sketch or improv comedian was sort of aware of Christopher Durang - even kids in high school. His short plays were so accessible to younger people and I think that was inspirational to me. --Mindy Kaling
Happiness must happen, and the same holds for success: you have to let it happen by not caring about it. --Viktor E. Frankl
If you wish to be a success in the world, promise everything, deliver nothing. --Napoleon Bonaparte
I do not think there is any thrill that can go through the human heart like that felt by the inventor as he sees some creation of the brain unfolding to success... such emotions make a man forget food, sleep, friends, love, everything. --Nikola Tesla
The more tranquil a man becomes, the greater is his success, his influence, his power for good. Calmness of mind is one of the beautiful jewels of wisdom. --James Allen
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be. --George A. Sheehan
I have a tendency to sabotage relationships; I have a tendency to sabotage everything. Fear of success, fear of failure, fear of being afraid. Useless, good-for-nothing thoughts. --Michael Buble
I'm not going to get somewhere and say, 'OK, I'm done.' Success is never final; I'll just keep on going. The same way as failure never being fatal. Just keep going. I'm going to the stars and then past them. --Conor McGregor
Get action. Seize the moment. Man was never intended to become an oyster. --Theodore Roosevelt
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. --Les Brown
Marvin's Motivational Moments actually started as something that was actually therapeutic for me. I would sit up late at night after my wife passed trying to adjust to being alone. --Marvin Sapp
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay. --Simone de Beauvoir
Our subliminal mental processes operate outside awareness because they arise in these portions of our mind that are inaccessible to our conscious self; their inaccessibility is due to the architecture of the brain rather than because they have been subject to Freudian motivational forces like repression. --Leonard Mlodinow
Since we launched the original 'Pop Idol' in England, I've remained close with Simon Fuller. Working as executive producer on 'American idol' for its first seven years not only was an inspirational journey into the heart of American pop culture, it opened my eyes to the untapped potential of the incredibly dynamic young people in this world. --Nigel Lythgoe
Success can make you go one of two ways. It can make you a prima donna - or it can smooth the edges, take away the insecurities, let the nice things come out. --Barbara Walters
We don't have a divine right to success. So I agree with a lot of politicians out there when they say, 'We've got serious issues.' We do: immigration, infrastructure. I think income inequality's one of them. --Jamie Dimon
Academic success depends on research and publications. --Philip Zimbardo
Success is a science; if you have the conditions, you get the result. --Oscar Wilde
Well, I think that there's a very thin dividing line between success and failure. And I think if you start a business without financial backing, you're likely to go the wrong side of that dividing line. --Richard Branson
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom. --George S. Patton
Work will win when wishy washy wishing won t. --Thomas S. Monson
You know you've reached true success the day you become truly humble. That's the day you stop needing to prove to the world - and yourself - that you've accomplished something meaningful. --Naveen Jain
The central conservative truth is that it is culture, not politics, that determines the success of a society. The central liberal truth is that politics can change a culture and save it from itself. --Daniel Patrick Moynihan
The love of what you do, combined with your belief in what you do, will not determine your success. It will determine how hard you will work and how dedicated you will be to achieving it. Success just shows up from there. --Jeffrey Gitomer
Never complain and never explain. --Benjamin Disraeli
I always say be humble but be firm. Humility and openness are the key to success without compromising your beliefs. --George Hickenlooper
The art of effective listening is essential to clear communication, and clear communication is necessary to management success. --James Cash Penney
I arise full of eagerness and energy, knowing well what achievement lies ahead of me. --Zane Grey
Honesty is the most single most important factor having a direct bearing on the final success of an individual, corporation, or product. --Ed McMahon
I was successful materially, but I know life is much more than worldly success. I saw all these blessings God had given me. The way to give thanks is obedience to God. --Hakeem Olajuwon
I am fully aware that everybody has a right to succeed, and success should be with ethics. --Sharad Pawar
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose. --Bill Gates
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now. --Napoleon Hill
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines. --Robert H. Schuller
Hope... is the companion of power, and the mother of success; for who so hopes has within him the gift of miracles. --Samuel Smiles
Success comes from taking the initiative and following up... persisting... eloquently expressing the depth of your love. What simple action could you take today to produce a new momentum toward success in your life? --Tony Robbins
We can come to look upon the deaths of our enemies with as much regret as we feel for those of our friends, namely, when we miss their existence as witnesses to our success. --Arthur Schopenhauer
Whether a party can have much success without a woman present I must ask others to decide, but one thing is certain, no party is any fun unless seasoned with folly. --Desiderius Erasmus
It is not ignorance but knowledge which is the mother of wonder. --Joseph Wood Krutch
Success depends in a very large measure upon individual initiative and exertion, and cannot be achieved except by a dint of hard work. --Anna Pavlova
One way to keep momentum going is to have constantly greater goals. --Michael Korda
We were all born with a certain degree of power. The key to success is discovering this innate power and using it daily to deal with whatever challenges come our way. --Les Brown
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success. --Napoleon Hill
You were designed for accomplishment, engineered for success, and endowed with the seeds of greatness. --Zig Ziglar
Perseverance - a lowly virtue whereby mediocrity achieves an inglorious success. --Ambrose Bierce
About the only problem with success is that it does not teach you how to deal with failure. --Tommy Lasorda
Education is the key to success in life, and teachers make a lasting impact in the lives of their students. --Solomon Ortiz
Where there is a will, there is a way. If there is a chance in a million that you can do something, anything, to keep what you want from ending, do it. Pry the door open or, if need be, wedge your foot in that door and keep it open. --Pauline Kael
Passion is what gives meaning to our lives. It's what allows us to achieve success beyond our wildest imagination. Try to find a career path that you have a passion for. --Henry Samueli
Men must live and create. Live to the point of tears. --Albert Camus
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart. --Marcus Aurelius
I said to the almond tree, 'Friend, speak to me of God,' and the almond tree blossomed. --Nikos Kazantzakis
Follow your inner moonlight; don't hide the madness. --Allen Ginsberg
In my forties, my optimism was boundless. I had really good health and tremendous success which allowed me to do anything I wanted. --Patricia Cornwell
Evolution acts slowly. Our psychological characteristics today are those that promoted reproductive success in the ancestral environment. --Keith Henson
The level of our success is limited only by our imagination and no act of kindness, however small, is ever wasted. --Aesop
I look at where I'm at today and realize that most of my success is owed to the mentors that was in my life. --Kendrick Lamar
In all our deeds, the proper value and respect for time determines success or failure. --Malcolm X
Earl Nightingale has inspired more people toward success and fortune than any other motivational speaker on the planet. --Zig Ziglar
My proudest achievement has been the success of the shows and artists I have been involved with, because they were made in Britain. --Simon Cowell
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do. --Pele
I don't dislike rappers or hip-hop or people who like it. I went to the Def Jam tour in Manchester in the '80s when rap was inspirational. Public Enemy were awesome. But it's all about status and bling now, and it doesn't say anything to me. --Noel Gallagher
The things that we love tell us what we are. --Thomas Aquinas
I come to win. --Leo Durocher
Never mind what others do; do better than yourself, beat your own record from day to day, and you are a success. --William J. H. Boetcker
Writers, as they gain success, feel like outsiders because writers don't come together in real groups. --Anne Rice
True success, true happiness lies in freedom and fulfillment. --Dada Vaswani
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it. --Steve Jobs
I don't know what it's like to have a typical father figure. He's not the dad who's going to take me to the beach and go swimming, but he's such a motivational person. --Tiffany Trump
The success of the Rat Pack or the Clan was due to the camaraderie, the three guys who work together and kid each other and love each other. --Sammy Davis, Jr.
Finding good partners is the key to success in anything: in business, in marriage and, especially, in investing. --Robert Kiyosaki
The single most important thing in a child's performance is the quality of the teacher. Making sure a child spends the maximum amount of time with inspirational teachers is the most important thing. --Michael Gove
Success is usually the culmination of controlling failure. --Sylvester Stallone
Microsoft has had two goals in the last 10 years. One was to copy the Mac, and the other was to copy Lotus' success in the spreadsheet - basically, the applications business. And over the course of the last 10 years, Microsoft accomplished both of those goals. And now they are completely lost. --Steve Jobs
The one phrase you can use is that success has a thousand fathers, and failure is an orphan. --Alan Price
It seems to me we can never give up longing and wishing while we are thoroughly alive. There are certain things we feel to be beautiful and good, and we must hunger after them. --George Eliot
Everything you want is out there waiting for you to ask. Everything you want also wants you. But you have to take action to get it. --Jules Renard
Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure. --Earl Wilson
Achievement is not always success, while reputed failure often is. It is honest endeavor, persistent effort to do the best possible under any and all circumstances. --Orison Swett Marden
The flow of Guiness into the studio was inspirational as well as nutritive. --Carter Burwell
The hardships that I encountered in the past will help me succeed in the future. --Philip Emeagwali
Lady Gaga is the present and the future. She is the most revolutionary and inspirational artist. She is fearless and daring. --Donatella Versace
Big shots are only little shots who keep shooting. --Christopher Morley
The making of friends who are real friends, is the best token we have of a man's success in life. --Edward Everett Hale
Desire is the most important factor in the success of any athlete. --Bill Shoemaker
Success is the American Dream. And that success is not something to be ashamed of, or to demonize. --Susana Martinez
From my tribe I take nothing, I am the maker of my own fortune. --Tecumseh
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved. --Helen Keller
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country. --Anais Nin
People seldom see the halting and painful steps by which the most insignificant success is achieved. --Anne Sullivan
The ultimate aim of the ego is not to see something, but to be something. --Muhammad Iqbal
A strong passion for any object will ensure success, for the desire of the end will point out the means. --Henry Hazlitt
From its brilliancy everything is illuminated. --Guru Nanak
Things that look like an 'overnight success' typically are not. --Jason Calacanis
You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing. --Dale Carnegie
Out of difficulties grow miracles. --Jean de la Bruyere
I really believe that everyone has a talent, ability, or skill that he can mine to support himself and to succeed in life. --Dean Koontz
I love those who yearn for the impossible. --Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
I'm a bit of a P. T. Barnum. I make stars out of everyone. --Donald Trump
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best. --St. Jerome
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. --Albert Einstein
When it comes to social consequences, they've got all different people acting in different ways, very difficult to even have a proper criterion of success. So, it's a difficult task. --George Soros
All of us are born for a reason, but all of us don't discover why. Success in life has nothing to do with what you gain in life or accomplish for yourself. It's what you do for others. --Danny Thomas
Sport is something that is very inspirational for young people. --Pele
When people stand up and talk about the great success that the EU has been, I'm not sure anybody saying it really believes it themselves anymore. --Nigel Farage
Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it. --Kevyn Aucoin
The five essential entrepreneurial skills for success: Concentration, Discrimination, Organization, Innovation and Communication. --Harold S. Geneen
Fortune befriends the bold. --Emily Dickinson
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known. --Sharon Begley
There is never just one thing that leads to success for anyone. I feel it always a combination of passion, dedication, hard work, and being in the right place at the right time. --Lauren Conrad
Learn from the past, set vivid, detailed goals for the future, and live in the only moment of time over which you have any control: now. --Denis Waitley
Success didn't spoil me, I've always been insufferable. --Fran Lebowitz
You never know what motivates you. --Cicely Tyson
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other. --Walter Elliot
It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure. --Bill Gates
One needs more than ambition and talent to make a success of anything, really. There must be love and a vocation. --Jessye Norman
Each success only buys an admission ticket to a more difficult problem. --Henry Kissinger
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. --Zig Ziglar
Success is not a matter of mastering subtle, sophisticated theory but rather of embracing common sense with uncommon levels of discipline and persistence. --Patrick Lencioni
Real success is not, like, materialistic. It's being where you want to be when you want to be; just living your life how you feel; having an ultimate goal and being able to accomplish it. --Lindsey Wixson
Humor has bailed me out of more tight situations than I can think of. If you go with your instincts and keep your humor, creativity follows. With luck, success comes, too. --Jimmy Buffett
Success is neither magical nor mysterious. Success is the natural consequence of consistently applying the basic fundamentals. --Jim Rohn
Sudden success in golf is like the sudden acquisition of wealth. It is apt to unsettle and deteriorate the character. --P. G. Wodehouse
Singleness of purpose is one of the chief essentials for success in life, no matter what may be one's aim. --John D. Rockefeller
It's a special person - and personality - who can lead a start-up to soaring success and sustain that success for the long term. Apple co-founder Steve Jobs and Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg are star examples. --Marcus Buckingham
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure. --Napoleon Hill
Success and failure are both part of life. Both are not permanent. --Shah Rukh Khan
The success of any great moral enterprise does not depend upon numbers. --William Lloyd Garrison
If my writing comes to a halt, I head to the shops: I find them very inspirational. And if I get into real trouble with my plot, I go out for a pizza with my husband. --Sophie Kinsella
You are loved just for being who you are, just for existing. You don't have to do anything to earn it. Your shortcomings, your lack of self-esteem, physical perfection, or social and economic success - none of that matters. No one can take this love away from you, and it will always be here. --Ram Dass
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure - which is: Try to please everybody. --Herbert Bayard Swope
My father, Oliver Hynes, was an educator. He was originally just a teacher, a very good one, but then he was promoted to be in charge of education for the entire area. He was always an inspirational teacher. He was my big personal supporter, always coming here for the Tony Awards. My mother, Carmel, was a homemaker. --Garry Hynes
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success. --John D. Rockefeller
Success is like reaching an important birthday and finding you're exactly the same. --Audrey Hepburn
Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp, Or what's a heaven for? --Robert Browning
The optimist underestimates how difficult it is to achieve real change, believing that anything is possible and it's possible now. Only by confronting head-on the reality that all progress is going to be obstructed by vested interests and corrupted by human venality can we create realistic programmes that actually have a chance of success. --Julian Baggini
A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself. --Joseph Campbell
As you walk in God's divine wisdom, you will surely begin to see a greater measure of victory and good success in your life. --Joseph Prince
The only journey is the one within. --Rainer Maria Rilke
Therefore, if one were to consider that there was virtually no possibility of success through the US-Japan negotiations, the military and economic pressures would only force Japan into further crisis if time were allowed to pass in vain. --Hideki Tojo
I believe in living today. Not in yesterday, nor in tomorrow. --Loretta Young
The power of imagination makes us infinite. --John Muir
Either move or be moved. --Ezra Pound
I don't want to be married to someone who feels inferior to my success or because I make more money than he does. --Grace Kelly
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece. --John Ruskin
I believe it is in my nature to dance by virtue of the beat of my heart, the pulse of my blood and the music in my mind. --Robert Fulghum
Whether you're successful or not, you'll never actually feel the joys of accomplishment unless you love yourself. Success can be very difficult to deal with. You have to stay in the center. If you let your success define you, then you're really just setting yourself up for failure. --Goldie Hawn
Diligence is the mother of good fortune. --Benjamin Disraeli
I'm always asked, 'What's the secret to success?' But there are no secrets. Be humble. Be hungry. And always be the hardest worker in the room. --Dwayne Johnson
Success isn't always going to be a huge contract; success is going to be if you just live out your purpose in life. --Allan Houston
Our success as a global brand has been directly related to how we select locations where we are confident our particular clients desire to be. Los Cabos, Mexico is the ideal Engel & Volkers market, growing in popularity among world luxury travelers seeking exceptional properties for second home opportunities. --Anthony Hitt
My goal in coming to General Motors was to help restore profitability, build a strong market position and position this iconic company for success. We are clearly on that path. --Edward Whitacre, Jr.
Your ordinary acts of love and hope point to the extraordinary promise that every human life is of inestimable value. --Desmond Tutu
Success isn't always about greatness. It's about consistency. Consistent hard work leads to success. Greatness will come. --Dwayne Johnson
Success is not to be pursued; it is to be attracted by the person you become. --Jim Rohn
It is always the simple that produces the marvelous. --Amelia Barr
Be not entangled in this world of days and nights; Thou hast another time and space as well. --Muhammad Iqbal
The negative side of the American Dream comes when people pursue success at any cost, which in turn destroys the vision and the dream. --Azar Nafisi
We have it in our power to begin the world over again. --Thomas Paine
Be thine own palace, or the world's thy jail. --John Donne
We're born with success. It is only others who point out our failures, and what they attribute to us as failure. --Whoopi Goldberg
Too many people measure how successful they are by how much money they make or the people that they associate with. In my opinion, true success should be measured by how happy you are. --Richard Branson
Overcoming fear is the first step to success for entrepreneurs. The winners all exemplify that, and the hard work and commitment they have shown underlines what is needed to set up a business. --Richard Branson
In most things success depends on knowing how long it takes to succeed. --Charles de Montesquieu
Success is getting and achieving what you want. Happiness is wanting and being content with what you get. --Bernard Meltzer
Fame or perceived success - it all comes from groupthink. --Chance The Rapper
Success is not built on success. It's built on failure. It's built on frustration. Sometimes its built on catastrophe. --Sumner Redstone
Do whatever you do intensely. --Robert Henri
The essential element of successful strategy is that it derives its success from the differences between competitors with a consequent difference in their behavior. --Bruce Henderson
I think you can have moderate success by copying something else, but if you really want to knock it out of the park, you have to do something different and take chances. --Lee Ann Womack
Success in management requires learning as fast as the world is changing. --Warren Bennis
Don't give up. Don't lose hope. Don't sell out. --Christopher Reeve
Instead of this confusion, we need the unifying force of an official language, English, which is the language of success in America. --Ernest Istook
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal. My strength lies solely in my tenacity. --Louis Pasteur
You wanna know what scares people? Success. When you don't make moves and when you don't climb up the ladder, everybody loves you because you're not competition. --Nicki Minaj
The Patriot Act is essential to our continued success in the war on terror here at home. --Mike Pence
It really is an honor if I can be inspirational to a younger singer or person. It means I've done my job. --Aretha Franklin
You change your life by changing your heart. --Max Lucado
Reading was very important to me as a kid. It was very inspirational to me. I went to a school where that wasn't encouraged so much, but my parents encouraged that, and it has made me part of who I am. --Sasha Grey
In oneself lies the whole world and if you know how to look and learn, the door is there and the key is in your hand. Nobody on earth can give you either the key or the door to open, except yourself. --Jiddu Krishnamurti
No matter how many goals you have achieved, you must set your sights on a higher one. --Jessica Savitch
Success is the sum of small efforts - repeated day in and day out. --Robert Collier
Success makes men rigid and they tend to exalt stability over all the other virtues; tired of the effort of willing they become fanatics about conservatism. --Walter Lippmann
There is probably a perverse pride in my administration... that we were going to do the right thing, even if short-term it was unpopular. And I think anybody who's occupied this office has to remember that success is determined by an intersection in policy and politics and that you can't be neglecting of marketing and P.R. and public opinion. --Barack Obama
Obedience brings success; exact obedience brings miracles. --Russell M. Nelson
Your success story is a bigger story than whatever you're trying to say on stage. Success makes life easier. It doesn't make living easier. --Bruce Springsteen
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large. --Confucius
Yes I have made a lot of money and I have a lot of respect, my films have done well, and I know there are loads of loads of people who look up to me and really love me. I really just thought this is like a strange dream. I have never thought this is a success - I don't have a standard. --Shah Rukh Khan
Before anything else, preparation is the key to success. --Alexander Graham Bell
There have been many different artists that have been inspirational. I suppose the question is directed to what was the reason why I went into fantasy illustration. --Boris Vallejo
Desire is the key to motivation, but it's the determination and commitment to unrelenting pursuit of your goal - a commitment to excellence - that will enable you to attain the success you seek. --Mario Andretti
Success to me is being a good person, treating people well. --David LaChapelle
One may miss the mark by aiming too high as too low. --Thomas Fuller
The most glorious moments in your life are not the so-called days of success, but rather those days when out of dejection and despair you feel rise in you a challenge to life, and the promise of future accomplishments. --Gustave Flaubert
A champion is someone who gets up when he can't. --Jack Dempsey
Inside, I've got a real purist desire and dream about the music. I like the idea of being able to carve out a kind of magical, colourful, artistic, inspirational life. And the reality just turns out to be quite different, working with the business to bring this thing you have created into the world. --Damien Rice
In inner-city, low-income communities of color, there's such a high correlation in terms of educational quality and success. --Bill Gates
It is never too late to be what you might have been. --George Eliot
Space is an inspirational concept that allows you to dream big. --Peter Diamandis
Hitch your wagon to a star. --Ralph Waldo Emerson
Success is always temporary. When all is said and one, the only thing you'll have left is your character. --Vince Gill
There is simply no substitute for hard work when it comes to achieving success. --Heather Bresch
I will always desire to play with Bruce Springsteen. He's the most inspirational, most dedicated, most committed and most focused artist I've ever seen. I like to be around people like that. --Max Weinberg
Personally, I can't see the appeal in trekking down to D.C. for a networking extravaganza, even if it is built around a special moment in American history. While I find the election of Barack Obama inspirational, I don't have a desire to memorialize it with overly effusive celebration. --Jamie Johnson
If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree. --Jim Rohn
The only thing that ultimately matters is to eat an ice-cream cone, play a slide trombone, plant a small tree, good God, now you're free. --Ray Manzarek
Whatever ought to be, can be. --James Rouse
The measure of success is happiness and peace of mind. --Bobby Davro
As long as I'm not selling out the people that ride or die with me, I'm glad I'm not an MC. I'm a motivational speaker. I'm not that rapper dude. --Young Jeezy
Look at a football field. It looks like a big movie screen. This is theatre. Football combines the strategy of chess. It's part ballet. It's part battleground, part playground. We clarify, amplify and glorify the game with our footage, the narration and that music, and in the end create an inspirational piece of footage. --Steve Sabol
A person with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds. --Mark Twain
It is only in sorrow bad weather masters us; in joy we face the storm and defy it. --Amelia Barr
The only way to permanently change the temperature in the room is to reset the thermostat. In the same way, the only way to change your level of financial success 'permanently' is to reset your financial thermostat. But it is your choice whether you choose to change. --T. Harv Eker
As my family story shows, Latinos have been a blessing for USA for many generations. The future of America depends in part on the success of the Latino community, and this opportunity is just one more signifier of that. --Julian Castro
My success has been something I've worked a long time at and it's been a gradual process. I compare it to the idea of someone losing a lot of weight over a period of a few years. You don't really notice the weight loss overall but if you compare photos from then and now there's a big difference. --Ray William Johnson
I grew up in a very spiritual home in a Liberty City neighborhood of Miami, FL. I was raised in the church, and my mother was a very inspirational person in my life. --Robert Battle
You take all the things that frighten you, and when you can get them to work for you all of sudden people are calling you a success. --Randy Bachman
Do something you really like, and hopefully it pays the rent. As far as I'm concerned, that's success. --Tom Petty
Success produces confidence; confidence relaxes industry, and negligence ruins the reputation which accuracy had raised. --Ben Jonson
Post-operatively the transplanted kidney functioned immediately with a dramatic improvement in the patient's renal and cardiopulmonary status. This spectacular success was a clear demonstration that organ transplantation could be life-saving. --Joseph Murray
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. --Aesop
I'm not a defender of old or new football managers. I believe in good ones and bad ones, those that achieve success and those that don't. --Jose Mourinho
Success is not assured, but America is resolute: this is the best chance for peace we are likely to see for some years to come - and we are acting to help Israelis and Palestinians seize this chance. --Condoleezza Rice
What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do. --Bob Dylan
The key to success is action, and the essential in action is perseverance. --Sun Yat-sen
We know from research that growth is actually contagious, so if you want to reach your goals, you've got to get around people that are going in the same direction you want to be going, and you will catch the success. --Henry Cloud
A graduation ceremony is an event where the commencement speaker tells thousands of students dressed in identical caps and gowns that 'individuality' is the key to success. --Robert Orben
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success. --Swami Sivananda
One of the things that I did before I ran for president is I was a professional speaker. Not a motivational speaker - an inspirational speaker. Motivation comes from within. You have to be inspired. That's what I do. I inspire people, I inspire the public, I inspire my staff. I inspired the organizations I took over to want to succeed. --Herman Cain
Success breeds success. --Mia Hamm
Success in the majority of circumstances depends on knowing how long it takes to succeed. --Charles de Montesquieu
I have learned that success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has had to overcome while trying to succeed. --Booker T. Washington
There is no force like success, and that is why the individual makes all effort to surround himself throughout life with the evidence of it; as of the individual, so should it be of the nation. --Marcus Garvey
In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time. --Anthony J. D'Angelo
The turning point was when I hit my 30th birthday. I thought, if really want to write, it's time to start. I picked up the book How to Write a Novel in 90 Days. The author said to just write three pages a day, and I figured, I can do this. I never got past Page 3 of that book. --James Rollins
If I had permitted my failures, or what seemed to me at the time a lack of success, to discourage me I cannot see any way in which I would ever have made progress. --Calvin Coolidge
I believe that being successful means having a balance of success stories across the many areas of your life. You can't truly be considered successful in your business life if your home life is in shambles. --Zig Ziglar
I've been known to write 10 pages a day for 10 days running before I take a breath. I am not a disciplined writer. I'm one of those people who laughingly call themselves inspirational writers, which basically means someone who has no control over their own creative process. --Catherine Ryan Hyde
What material success does is provide you with the ability to concentrate on other things that really matter. And that is being able to make a difference, not only in your own life, but in other people's lives. --Oprah Winfrey
To love means loving the unlovable. To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless. --Gilbert K. Chesterton
We are here to make another world. --W. Edwards Deming
If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success. --James Cameron
The person who makes a success of living is the one who sees his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly. --Cecil B. DeMille
In the United States, I am a great success, but I am not a celebrity. --Paulo Coelho
The fame of heroes owes little to the extent of their conquests and all to the success of the tributes paid to them. --Jean Genet
Without failure there is no sweetness in success. There's no understanding of it. --Glenn Beck
What we need is more people who specialize in the impossible. --Theodore Roethke
Our ideals are our better selves. --Amos Bronson Alcott
Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace. --Mike Ditka
If there is any one secret of success, it lies in the ability to get the other person's point of view and see things from that person's angle as well as from your own. --Henry Ford
Enthusiasm moves the world. --Arthur Balfour
I found it interesting that as people become more technically oriented all over the world, at the same time people are becoming increasingly spiritual. The success of the Da Vinci code - even though it was a great yawn - also showed people's interest in religion. --Barbara Walters
Problems or successes, they all are the results of our own actions. Karma. The philosophy of action is that no one else is the giver of peace or happiness. One's own karma, one's own actions are responsible to come to bring either happiness or success or whatever. --Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success. --Irving Berlin
Socialism has no moral justification whatsoever; poor people are not morally superior to rich people, nor are they owed anything by rich people simply because of their lack of success. Charity is not a socialist concept - it is a religious one, an acknowledgment of God's sovereignty over property, a sovereignty the Left utterly rejects. --Ben Shapiro
When you win, nothing hurts. --Joe Namath
I'm extremely ambitious. I don't know why people are afraid to say that. I won't sell my soul to the devil, but I do want success and I don't think that's bad. --Jada Pinkett Smith
I view art as an inspirational tool. --Thomas Kincade
March on. Do not tarry. To go forward is to move toward perfection. March on, and fear not the thorns, or the sharp stones on life's path. --Khalil Gibran
A place for everything, everything in its place. --Benjamin Franklin
I was perceived to be a first- to third-rounder. I kind of had a tough junior year and fell to the fifth round. At that time, it was motivational. --Ryan Howard
I did an A Level in Theatre Studies and had a really inspirational teacher, and then I just went on to university. --Jessica Raine
Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you. --Unknown
Be gentle to all and stern with yourself. --Saint Teresa of Avila
You simply have to put one foot in front of the other and keep going. Put blinders on and plow right ahead. --George Lucas
Almost no one is foolish enough to imagine that he automatically deserves great success in any field of activity; yet almost everyone believes that he automatically deserves success in marriage. --Sydney J. Harris
I dwell in possibility. --Emily Dickinson
The greatest trap in our life is not success, popularity or power, but self-rejection. --Henri Nouwen
If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy. --Dale Carnegie
Dullness in matters of government is a good sign, and not a bad one - in particular, dullness in parliamentary government is a test of its excellence, an indication of its success. --Walter Bagehot
How glorious a greeting the sun gives the mountains! --John Muir
Growing up in a group home, and with an undiagnosed learning disability to boot, the odds of success were not on my side. But when I joined the high school football team, I learned the value of discipline, focus, persistence, and teamwork - all skills that have proven vital to my career as a C.E.O. and social entrepreneur. --Darell Hammond
Success is an absurd, erratic thing. She arrives when one least expects her and after she has come may depart again almost because of a whim. --Alice Foote MacDougall
The line between failure and success is so fine that we scarcely know when we pass it: so fine that we are often on the line and do not know it. --Elbert Hubbard
Success is falling nine times and getting up ten. --Jon Bon Jovi
If you believe in yourself and have dedication and pride - and never quit, you'll be a winner. The price of victory is high but so are the rewards. --Paul Bryant
I know not age, nor weariness nor defeat. --Rose Kennedy
Indomitable perseverance in a business, properly understood, always ensures ultimate success. --Cyrus McCormick
To begin, begin. --William Wordsworth
Let us remember: One book, one pen, one child, and one teacher can change the world. --Malala Yousafzai
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power. --Unknown
To be wholly devoted to some intellectual exercise is to have succeeded in life. --Robert Louis Stevenson
Never did a government commence under auspices so favorable, nor ever was success so complete. --James Monroe
No experience is a cause of success or failure. We do not suffer from the shock of our experiences, so-called trauma - but we make out of them just what suits our purposes. --Alfred Adler
I've had a lot of success; I've had failures, so I learn from the failure. --Gordon Ramsay
Our worldly successes cannot be guaranteed, but our ability to achieve spiritual success is entirely up to us, thanks to the grace of God. The best advice I know is to give is to give those worldly things your best but never your all - reserve the ultimate hope for the only one who can grant it. --Mitt Romney
Everyone here has the sense that right now is one of those moments when we are influencing the future. --Steve Jobs
Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence. --Colin Powell
The most authentic thing about us is our capacity to create, to overcome, to endure, to transform, to love and to be greater than our suffering. --Ben Okri
Countless as the sands of the sea are human passions. --Nikolai Gogol
Success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal. --Mike Ditka
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy. --Norman Vincent Peale
We need to accept that the commandments of God aren't just a long list of good ideas. They aren't 'life hacks' from an Internet blog or motivational quotes from a Pinterest board. --Dieter F. Uchtdorf
Whoever is happy will make others happy too. --Anne Frank
The success of the young entrepreneur will be the key to India's transformation in the new millennium. --Dhirubhai Ambani
Nothing succeeds like success. Get a little success, and then just get a little more. --Maya Angelou
Those who cannot work with their hearts achieve but a hollow, half-hearted success that breeds bitterness all around. --A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate. --George Burns
Anything that won't sell, I don't want to invent. Its sale is proof of utility, and utility is success. --Thomas A. Edison
Entrepreneurs can't forecast accurately, because they are trying something fundamentally new. So they will often be laughably behind plan - and on the brink of success. --Eric Ries
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability. --Walter Scott
Survival was my only hope, success my only revenge. --Patricia Cornwell
Only stupid people are changed by success. --Jurgen Klopp
The most important single ingredient in the formula of success is knowing how to get along with people. --Theodore Roosevelt
If we get our self-esteem from superficial places, from our popularity, appearance, business success, financial situation, health, any of these, we will be disappointed, because no one can guarantee that we'll have them tomorrow. --Kathy Ireland
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door. --Kyle Chandler
Hopefully I'll continue to have the success I've had. --Tiger Woods
Books are challenging and inspirational to me. --Amy Sedaris
Hip-hop is more about attaining wealth. People respect success. They respect big. They don't even have to like your music. If you're big enough, people are drawn to you. --Jay-Z
Sometimes we may ask God for success, and He gives us physical and mental stamina. We might plead for prosperity, and we receive enlarged perspective and increased patience, or we petition for growth and are blessed with the gift of grace. He may bestow upon us conviction and confidence as we strive to achieve worthy goals. --David A. Bednar
To these ideals which were instilled in me when I was a youth, I attribute in a large degree the success that was mine on the bicycle tracks of the world. --Major Taylor
At the end of the day, the most overwhelming key to a child's success is the positive involvement of parents. --Jane D. Hull
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars. --Og Mandino
I'm happy to be on a winning team. My individual success, that lasts for a short period of time. The success of being a part of the South, of Atlanta, which is now the hot bed of music, that's what's gonna last the longest. The fact that I contributed to planting our flag and moving music to my city, that's what I'm most proud of. --T.I.
For success of any mission, it is necessary to have creative leadership. Creative leadership is vital for government, non-governmental organisations as well as for industries. --A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Real success is being totally indulgent about your own trip. You put your blinders on about the garbage and go full speed ahead. --Betsey Johnson
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence. --Confucius
America is the most grandiose experiment the world has seen, but, I am afraid, it is not going to be a success. --Sigmund Freud
When I meet with the founders of a new company, my advice is almost always, 'Do fewer things.' It's true of partnerships, marketing opportunities, anything that's taking up your time. The vast majority of things are distractions, and very few really matter to your success. --Evan Williams
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. --Aristotle
You create your opportunities by asking for them. --Shakti Gawain
Do your work with your whole heart, and you will succeed - there's so little competition. --Elbert Hubbard
We're in a situation where talented, motivated school leavers and graduates can send off a hundred CVs and not get a reply, and where a trip to the Job Centre is depressing rather than inspirational. And you know what, that just feels wrong. --Jameela Jamil
There are glimpses of heaven to us in every act, or thought, or word, that raises us above ourselves. --Robert Quillen
When one side benefits more than the other, that's a win-lose situation. To the winner it might look like success for a while, but in the long run, it breeds resentment and distrust. --Stephen Covey
People think your success is just a matter of having a pretty face. But it's easy to be chewed up and spat out. You've got to stay ahead of the game to be able to stay in it. --Kate Moss
I am an enthusiast, but not a crank in the sense that I have some pet theories as to the proper construction of a flying machine. I wish to avail myself of all that is already known and then, if possible, add my mite to help on the future worker who will attain final success. --Wilbur Wright
I've always tried to go a step past wherever people expected me to end up. --Beverly Sills
The victor belongs to the spoils. --F. Scott Fitzgerald
How easy to be amiable in the midst of happiness and success. --William Ellery Channing
Enjoy your sweat because hard work doesn't guarantee success, but without it you don't have a chance. --Alex Rodriguez
I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed. --Robert H. Schuller
People of mediocre ability sometimes achieve outstanding success because they don't know when to quit. Most men succeed because they are determined to. --George Allen, Sr.
The person interested in success has to learn to view failure as a healthy, inevitable part of the process of getting to the top. --Joyce Brothers
The successful man doesn't use others, other people use the successful man, for above all the success is of service. --Mark Caine
My career started young and I was really ambitious, and then I had success and I hung out with people who were much older. I think I might have been temporally misplaced, so I thought I was 40. It was a premature midlife crisis. --Elizabeth Gilbert
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around. --Henry David Thoreau
It's as if inside the White House the belief in Obama's inspirational charisma is still such that every time the ugliness of brute politics intrudes, it's a startling revelation. --Tina Brown
When you see something that is technically sweet, you go ahead and do it and you argue about what to do about it only after you have had your technical success. That is the way it was with the atomic bomb. --J. Robert Oppenheimer
I look forward to making tangible and inspirational contributions to the Houston Technology Center's initiatives. HTC is an engine behind Houston's and Texas' continued growth. --Walter O'Brien
Mankind is made great or little by its own will. --Friedrich Schiller
Success comes to those who dedicate everything to their passion in life. To be successful, it is also very important to be humble and never let fame or money travel to your head. --A. R. Rahman
I don't dwell on success. Maybe that's one reason I'm successful. --Calvin Klein
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you. --Ralph Waldo Emerson
A human being has so many skins inside, covering the depths of the heart. We know so many things, but we don't know ourselves! Why, thirty or forty skins or hides, as thick and hard as an ox's or bear's, cover the soul. Go into your own ground and learn to know yourself there. --Meister Eckhart
The most absurd and reckless aspirations have sometimes led to extraordinary success. --Luc de Clapiers
We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us. --A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish. --Tony Robbins
I am stable when my private life is a success. --Don Johnson
A critical factor in its success was that the X developers were willing to give the sources away for free in accordance with the hacker ethic, and able to distribute them over the Internet. --Eric S. Raymond
The key to accepting responsibility for your life is to accept the fact that your choices, every one of them, are leading you inexorably to either success or failure, however you define those terms. --Neal Boortz
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self. --Aldous Huxley
Sustainability is the key to our survival on this planet and will also determine success on all levels. --Shari Arison
This is just rap. I'm not trying to make people think I'm some sort of scientific wizard or inspirational poet. --Action Bronson
Press forward. Do not stop, do not linger in your journey, but strive for the mark set before you. --George Whitefield
Success for me its to raise happy, healthy human beings. --Kelly LeBrock
Look within. Within is the fountain of good, and it will ever bubble up, if thou wilt ever dig. --Marcus Aurelius
Nothing recedes like success. --Walter Winchell
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves. --Thomas A. Edison
To be successful you have to be lucky, or a little mad, or very talented, or find yourself in a rapid growth field. --Edward de Bono
I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed. --Michael Jordan
The longer you hang in there, the greater the chance that something will happen in your favor. No matter how hard it seems, the longer you persist, the more likely your success. --Jack Canfield
To be successful, you have to have your heart in your business and your business in your heart. --Thomas J. Watson
I was motivated to be different in part because I was different. --Donna Brazile
God lets you be successful because he trusts you that you will do the right thing with it. Now, does he get disappointed often? All the time, because people get there and they forget how they got it. --Steve Harvey
Be yourself. Follow your instincts. Success depends, at least in part, on the ability to 'carry it off.' --Donald Rumsfeld
A manager is a guide. He takes a group of people and says, 'With you I can make us a success; I can show you the way.' --Arsene Wenger
Success is what you do with your ability. It's how you use your talent. --George Allen, Sr.
Focused, hard work is the real key to success. Keep your eyes on the goal, and just keep taking the next step towards completing it. If you aren't sure which way to do something, do it both ways and see which works better. --John Carmack
Just as you wouldn't leave the house without taking a shower, you shouldn't start the day without at least 10 minutes of sacred practice: prayer, meditation, inspirational reading. --Marianne Williamson
I think it's real easy to be famous these days; it's not real easy to sustain success. --Jerry Jeff Walker
Shoot for the moon and if you miss you will still be among the stars. --Les Brown
We all learn lessons in life. Some stick, some don't. I have always learned more from rejection and failure than from acceptance and success. --Henry Rollins
A key to achieving success is to assemble a strong and stable management team. --Vivek Wadhwa
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated. --Maya Angelou
Be passionate and bold. Always keep learning. You stop doing useful things if you don't learn. So the last part to me is the key, especially if you have had some initial success. It becomes even more critical that you have the learning 'bit' always switched on. --Satya Nadella
You really have to work hard and apply yourself and by applying yourself and working hard and being diligent, you can achieve success. --Julie Benz
Whatever success I may have attained is due to the fact that since I was old enough to work at all, my ambition has never deserted me. --Anna Held
Honesty is the cornerstone of all success, without which confidence and ability to perform shall cease to exist. --Mary Kay Ash
Learning and innovation go hand in hand. The arrogance of success is to think that what you did yesterday will be sufficient for tomorrow. --William Pollard
Set yourself earnestly to see what you are made to do, and then set yourself earnestly to do it. --Phillips Brooks
If you ask me what I came into this life to do, I will tell you: I came to live out loud. --Emile Zola
Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend to them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again. --Og Mandino
I've learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success. --Jack Welch
A friend of mine said something powerful at his grandfather's funeral. He said that the greatest lesson from his grandfather's life was that he died empty, because he accomplished everything he wanted, with no regrets. I think that, along with leaving a legacy, would be the greatest sign of success. --Marvin Sapp
The best form of flattery is to be admired, imitated or respected. I've always felt proud our fans look up to us or feel we are inspirational. --Cheryl James
I believe that any type of education can be great, but an education about ourselves can create something wonderful. I am a comedian, but people have called me a motivational speaker. I don't really consider myself that at all. --Andy Andrews
How do you know you're going to do something, untill you do it? --J. D. Salinger
Thought is the original source of all wealth, all success, all material gain, all great discoveries and inventions, and of all achievement. --Claude M. Bristol
I would like to wish the England squad every success. I would also very much like to extend those wishes to Martin Johnson, Brian Smith, Mike Ford, John Wells, Graham Rowntree and the rest of the England 2011 World Cup management team who have been fantastic and deserve people to know that. --Jonny Wilkinson
When the sun is shining I can do anything; no mountain is too high, no trouble too difficult to overcome. --Wilma Rudolph
Success isn't measured by money or power or social rank. Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace. --Mike Ditka
Follow your dreams, work hard, practice and persevere. Make sure you eat a variety of foods, get plenty of exercise and maintain a healthy lifestyle. --Sasha Cohen
All men's gains are the fruit of venturing. --Herodotus
The very first step towards success in any occupation is to become interested in it. --William Osler
Before everything else, getting ready is the secret of success. --Henry Ford
Coming to Nashville has been so motivating and inspirational. Just watching people live and breathe their music and create something that they can feel from start to finish. --Madi Diaz
I am decidedly of the opinion that in very many instances we can trace such a necessary connexion, especially among birds, and often with more complete success than in the case which I have here attempted to explain. --Alfred Russel Wallace
I'm thrilled to continue my partnership with U by Kotex for Generation Know while helping to empower girls. I've always been a motivational resource for my younger sisters and hope I can positively impact and inspire other young girls too. --Khloe Kardashian
The most beautiful thing in the world is, of course, the world itself. --Wallace Stevens
My biggest success is getting over the things that have tried to destroy and take me out of this life. Those are my biggest successes. It has nothing to do with work. --Tyler Perry
You must do the things you think you cannot do. --Eleanor Roosevelt
Rockefeller once explained the secret of success. 'Get up early, work late - and strike oil.' --Joey Adams
We crave instant success these days. If you are a really good sprinter and long jumper, you don't want to spend two or three years on a whole new set of events. You're used to doing well and it's difficult to give that up. --Daley Thompson
But the best teams I've encountered have one important thing in common: their team structure and processes cover a full range of distinct competencies necessary for success. --Jesse James Garrett
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better. --Samuel Beckett
I did stand-up comedy for 18 years. Ten of those years were spent learning, four years were spent refining, and four years were spent in wild success. I was seeking comic originality, and fame fell on me as a byproduct. The course was more plodding than heroic. --Steve Martin
Well, the idea is that failure is an inevitable partner on the road to success and, if you're not willing to confront failure, you can never find out how good you are. --Peter Guber
There are people who make things happen, there are people who watch things happen, and there are people who wonder what happened. To be successful, you need to be a person who makes things happen. --Jim Lovell
Success is achieved by developing our strengths, not by eliminating our weaknesses. --Marilyn vos Savant
What is success? I think it is a mixture of having a flair for the thing that you are doing; knowing that it is not enough, that you have got to have hard work and a certain sense of purpose. --Margaret Thatcher
Action leads to Attention. that in the short-term releases Rewarding brain chemicals and in the long term improves reproductive success. --Keith Henson
Every skill you acquire doubles your odds of success. --Scott Adams
Success is when you see something, and you say, 'I want to do that,' and then you do it. It's being happy with what you do and doing what you love every day. --Alessia Cara
It's inspirational to see someone who is dying smile. --Arlen Specter
I'm not an inspirational quote kind of person. --Christine Teigen
I thank you God for this most amazing day, for the leaping greenly spirits of trees, and for the blue dream of sky and for everything which is natural, which is infinite, which is yes. --e. e. cummings
I want anyone who believes in life, liberty, pursuit of happiness to succeed. And I want any force, any person, any element of an overarching Big Government that would stop your success, I want that organization, that element or that person to fail. I want you to succeed. --Rush Limbaugh
I have amazing friends who have led inspirational lives. --Andrew Shue
My powers are ordinary. Only my application brings me success. --Isaac Newton
Success is little more than a chemical compound of man with moment. --Philip Guedalla
We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us. --Joseph Campbell
You have reached the pinnacle of success as soon as you become uninterested in money, compliments, or publicity. --Thomas Wolfe
The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible. --Arthur C. Clarke
Crave for a thing, you will get it. Renounce the craving, the object will follow you by itself. --Swami Sivananda
To be prepared is half the victory. --Miguel de Cervantes
Give me a couple of years, and I'll make that actress an overnight success. --Samuel Goldwyn
It will, of course, be understood that directly or indirectly, soon or late, every advance in the sciences of human nature will contribute to our success in controlling human nature and changing it to the advantage of the common weal. --Edward Thorndike
Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation there is sure to be failure. --Confucius
I'm not really easy to live with! There needs to be unlimited patience and unconditional love. Men I've known before loved my independent spirit and were proud of my success, to the point that they'd become jealous of the time I devote to my career. --Milla Jovovich
Always continue the climb. It is possible for you to do whatever you choose, if you first get to know who you are and are willing to work with a power that is greater than ourselves to do it. --Ella Wheeler Wilcox
Most success springs from an obstacle or failure. I became a cartoonist largely because I failed in my goal of becoming a successful executive. --Scott Adams
A government for the people must depend for its success on the intelligence, the morality, the justice, and the interest of the people themselves. --Grover Cleveland
My mind's my kingdom. --Francis Quarles
Currently, only 70 percent of our high school students earn diplomas with their peers, and less than one-third of our high school students graduate prepared for success in a four-year college. --Ruben Hinojosa
Every song you're trying to find something that going to connect in different ways but for me the songs that I'm really drawn to are inspirational, songs that lift you and that everybody can relate to no matter where you're from. --Rodney Atkins
The first principle of success is desire - knowing what you want. Desire is the planting of your seed. --Robert Collier
My initial goal for the 1984 opening ceremonies was a show that would be majestic, inspirational, and emotional - a 20 goosebump experience. --David L. Wolper
Nothing is worth more than this day. --Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn. --Harriet Beecher Stowe
Thus they have an idol that they petition for victory in war; another for success in their labors; and so for everything in which they seek or desire prosperity, they have their idols, which they honor and serve. --Hernan Cortes
It's the steady, quiet, plodding ones who win in the lifelong race. --Robert W. Service
The success of each of us benefits us all, and the success of us all benefits each of us individually. --Walter Ulbricht
Let us realize that: the privilege to work is a gift, the power to work is a blessing, the love of work is success! --David O. McKay
Set your sights high, the higher the better. Expect the most wonderful things to happen, not in the future but right now. Realize that nothing is too good. Allow absolutely nothing to hamper you or hold you up in any way. --Eileen Caddy
Super-ambitious goals tend to be unifying and energizing to people; but only if they believe there's a chance of success. --Peter Diamandis
Your attitude will go a long way in determining your success, your recognition, your reputation and your enjoyment in being a lawyer. --Joe Jamail
Life is a series of punches. It presents a lot of challenges. It presents a lot of hardship, but the people that are able to take those punches and able to move forward are the ones that really do have a lot of success and have a lot of joy in their life and have a lot of stories to tell, too. --Josh Turner
If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer. Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away. --Henry David Thoreau
I want to see success right away. And I want to never give up, never stop. --Joe Nichols
The path from dreams to success does exist. May you have the vision to find it, the courage to get on to it, and the perseverance to follow it. --Kalpana Chawla
I realized I love motivating and I love empowering and I love inspiring people. I did that as an athlete for 18 years, and I am able to do that as a motivational speaker now as well as doing work on television. --Dominique Dawes
I think being directed and mentored by someone as inspirational as Paul Feig not only improves my performance but, as a whole, makes it what it is. --Nargis Fakhri
Every exit is an entry somewhere else. --Tom Stoppard
Our purpose in Vietnam is to prevent the success of aggression. It is not conquest, it is not empire, it is not foreign bases, it is not domination. It is, simply put, just to prevent the forceful conquest of South Vietnam by North Vietnam. --Lyndon B. Johnson
We live in a world of constant juxtaposition between joy that's possible and pain that's all too common. We hope for love and success and abundance, but we never quite forget that there is always lurking the possibility of disaster. --Marianne Williamson
A goal is a dream with a deadline. --Napoleon Hill
I get invited to many more literary festivals than I used to because I'm associated with 'Slumdog Millionaire,' the brand. Many more doors have opened up for me as a result of the global success of the film, although I believe that I'm the same person that existed before it. --Vikas Swarup
I remember one day sitting at the pool and suddenly the tears were streaming down my cheeks. Why was I so unhappy? I had success. I had security. But it wasn't enough. I was exploding inside. --Ingrid Bergman
Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are your ready?' --Johnny Carson
I've been blessed to be somebody that's been climbing that success mountain top for years of hard work, you know, but now it's all connecting. And now, the whole world is watching, you know what I'm saying, and it feels good 'cause it's good energy. This is all positive vibes, and good vibes and good energy, so it feels incredible. --DJ Khaled
George loves the T Rex because it's the noisiest and the scariest. --Kate Middleton
Failures, repeated failures, are finger posts on the road to achievement. One fails forward toward success. --C. S. Lewis
The most important thing is being passionate about what you're doing and always give it your all. That is the key to success. --Charlie White
When I grew up here, there was no T-Hub. Probably, the closest to T was the Tank bund. --Satya Nadella
Possessed with a full confidence of the certain success which British valor must gain over such enemies, I have led you up these steep and dangerous rocks, only solicitous to show you the foe within your reach. --James Wolfe
Success is almost totally dependent upon drive and persistence. The extra energy required to make another effort or try another approach is the secret of winning. --Denis Waitley
A long apprenticeship is the most logical way to success. The only alternative is overnight stardom, but I can't give you a formula for that. --Chet Atkins
Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort. --Epictetus
Success is achieved and maintained by those who try and keep trying. --W. Clement Stone
The truth is on the march and nothing will stop it. --Emile Zola
'All in With Laila Ali' is educational, inspirational, compelling programming profiling individuals that have reached for the sky, pushed themselves to the limit and did things that you would think were impossible. --Laila Ali
We sing inspirational songs, songs of praise and worship, and about how good and how big God is. We are magnifying the Lord. --Fred Hammond
Whatever success I've had, I always like to top it. --Bernie Mac
I think that when we have a better educated society, when there is less violence in our cities, when people get back into the workforce and have the opportunity to take care of themselves and their families - that for me really is the kind of success and the kind of America that I think most of us still want, we aspire to. --Michael Nutter
Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step. --Lao Tzu
I love a lot of the New York bands, but Patti Smith stands out. I just read 'Just Kids' and it's an inspirational, well-written account of an emerging New York artist in the late seventies. --James Iha
The size of your success is measured by the strength of your desire; the size of your dream; and how you handle disappointment along the way. --Robert Kiyosaki
Success comes in waves. --Guy Pearce
The handicap of deafness is not in the ear; it is in the mind. --Marlee Matlin
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. --Thomas Jefferson
Plant thy foot firmly in the prints which His foot has made before thee. --Joseph Barber Lightfoot
Obstacles are necessary for success because in selling, as in all careers of importance, victory comes only after many struggles and countless defeats. --Og Mandino
Make treating yourself a priority and always remember your life is happening now. Don't put off all your dreams and pleasures to another day. In any balanced personal definition of success there has to be a powerful element of living life in the present. --Mireille Guiliano
The only yardstick for success our society has is being a champion. No one remembers anything else. --John Madden
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. --Benjamin Disraeli
If you want to increase your success rate, double your failure rate. --Thomas J. Watson
Find out who you are and be that person. That's what your soul was put on this Earth to be. Find that truth, live that truth and everything else will come. --Ellen DeGeneres
The man who has done his level best... is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure. --B. C. Forbes
Teachers need to be more inspirational. But it's also up to engineering to make itself more interesting. --Bruce Dickinson
Every day of my life I walk with the idea that I am black, no matter how successful I am. And our success is tempered by that; you're successful in this way given the fact you are black, and most blacks don't get to that point. --Danny Glover
The only question to ask yourself is, how much are you willing to sacrifice to achieve this success? --Larry Flynt
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past. --Richard Bach
Typically, if you reward something, you get more of it. You punish something, you get less of it. And our businesses have been built for the last 150 years very much on that kind of motivational scheme. --Daniel H. Pink
Success is all about persistence and doing the right thing for the long term. --Bruce Rauner
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit. --Conrad Hilton
Give light, and the darkness will disappear of itself. --Desiderius Erasmus
Success comes when people act together; failure tends to happen alone. --Deepak Chopra
You may lose your wife, you may lose your dog, your mother may hate you. None of those things matter. What matters is that you achieve success and become free. Then you can do whatever you like. --Kevin O'Leary
Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning. --Benjamin Franklin
My definition of success is to live your life in a way that causes you to feel a ton of pleasure and very little pain - and because of your lifestyle, have the people around you feel a lot more pleasure than they do pain. --Tony Robbins
I never could have achieved the success that I have without setting physical activity and health goals. --Bonnie Blair
I would probably work with Drake as he is massively inspirational to me as a writer as well as an artist. If not him, then Susan Boyle! --Conor Maynard
I find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the world calls success. --Thomas A. Edison
Know or listen to those who know. --Baltasar Gracian
Rap music's been around for too long now to be inspirational. The words are, but the music isn't. --Alexander McQueen
Grace is the beauty of form under the influence of freedom. --Friedrich Schiller
Each day provides its own gifts. --Marcus Aurelius
No skill shapes a child's future success in school or in life more than the ability to read. --Bob Riley
The chief executive officer is also the chief sales officer. He or she is responsible for the success of the company and making a profit. The closer the CEO is to the everyday selling process, bringing in business, the more successful the company will become. --Jeffrey Gitomer
A champion is afraid of losing. Everyone else is afraid of winning. --Billie Jean King
Find a good teacher that will keep the game fun. Work hard and don't be afraid to have success or disappointment. That is what golf is all about. --Paula Creamer
I am deliberate and afraid of nothing. --Audre Lorde
Forward, as occasion offers. Never look round to see whether any shall note it... Be satisfied with success in even the smallest matter, and think that even such a result is no trifle. --Marcus Aurelius
I hate to be a failure. I hate and regret the failure of my marriages. I would gladly give all my millions for just one lasting marital success. --J. Paul Getty
The bird is powered by its own life and by its motivation. --A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one. --Wayne Dyer
If you wish to succeed in life, make perseverance your bosom friend, experience your wise counselor, caution your elder brother, and hope your guardian genius. --Joseph Addison
When Maurice touched a keyboard, it was like something from a movie, magical. He would always give you something from a movie, and you'd go, what did you just play... immediately inspirational writings, amazing. That's what we're going to miss. --Robin Gibb
Our daily decisions and habits have a huge impact upon both our levels of happiness and success. --Shawn Achor
Never give in and never give up. --Hubert H. Humphrey
People repeat behaviour that leads to flooding their brains with pleasurable chemicals. The short-term reward loop acts over hours to years, and the long-term reproductive success loop over generations. --Keith Henson
Success is often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable. --Coco Chanel
Success is peace of mind which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you did your best to become the best you are capable of becoming. --John Wooden
Giving back, doing motivational speeches and stuff like that, that's always made me feel good. If you repeatedly go out there, and you are the change that you want to see, then that's what you are. --Keke Palmer
Integrity is so perishable in the summer months of success. --Vanessa Redgrave
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements. --Napoleon Hill
I don't take success and failure seriously. The only thing I do seriously is march forward. If I fall, I get up and march again. --Kareena Kapoor Khan
Ideas shape the course of history. --John Maynard Keynes
The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money. --Thomas Jefferson
No student ever attains very eminent success by simply doing what is required of him: it is the amount and excellence of what is over and above the required, that determines the greatness of ultimate distinction. --Charles Kendall Adams
In a balanced organization, working towards a common objective, there is success. --Arthur Helps
It is true that the aristocracies seem to have abused their monopoly of legal knowledge; and at all events their exclusive possession of the law was a formidable impediment to the success of those popular movements which began to be universal in the western world. --Henry James Sumner Maine
Poverty was the greatest motivating factor in my life. --Jimmy Dean
I have more love, success, and security than I could ever dream of. --George Michael
Deacon Jones has been the most inspirational person in my football career. --Jack Youngblood
And above all things, never think that you're not good enough yourself. A man should never think that. My belief is that in life people will take you at your own reckoning. --Isaac Asimov
Success is the sum of details. --Harvey S. Firestone
Things do not happen. Things are made to happen. --John F. Kennedy
That some achieve great success, is proof to all that others can achieve it as well. --Abraham Lincoln
Four years of football are calculated to breed in the average man more of the ingredients of success in life than almost any academic course he takes. --Knute Rockne
I think Spain will always remain inspirational, and I think French cuisine will continue to be very French and yet very relevant with its time and keep evolving. But the last thing you want for it is to become too trendy and confusing. It has too much history. --Daniel Boulud
Be Impeccable With Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love. --Don Miguel Ruiz
But I like not these great success of yours; for I know how jealous are the gods. --Herodotus
I had an inspirational teacher at my junior school: Peter Nixon. He was enthusiastic, knowledgeable and slightly scary - a good combination for a teacher. --Stephen Mangan
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club. --Jack London
Thinking: the talking of the soul with itself. --Plato
Once you agree upon the price you and your family must pay for success, it enables you to ignore the minor hurts, the opponent's pressure, and the temporary failures. --Vince Lombardi
My goal in my career is to inspire people, is to get my music out there and have people enjoy it, and have people think of me as an inspirational artist. --Christina Grimmie
First-person narrators is the way I know how to write a book with the greatest power and chance of artistic success. --Anne Rice
Focus on being balanced - success is balance. --Laila Ali
We are taught you must blame your father, your sisters, your brothers, the school, the teachers - but never blame yourself. It's never your fault. But it's always your fault, because if you wanted to change you're the one who has got to change. --Katharine Hepburn
Don't limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve. --Mary Kay Ash
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree. --Martin Luther
Temporary success can be achieved in spite of lack of other fundamental qualities, but no advancements can be maintained without hard work. --William Feather
Even when disco went out, I could still make hits. Once I had so much success, every idea became concentrated. I had so much confidence. I knew how the bass should sound, what rhythms would work. The tempos I knew: 110 to 120 BPM. I knew they would dance in the clubs in New York or anywhere. --Giorgio Moroder
Do you remember any instance where tyranny was destroyed and freedom established on its ruins, among a people possessing so small a share of virtue and public spirit? I recollect none, and this more than the British arms makes me fearful of final success, without a reform. --Patrick Henry
Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody. --Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Entrepreneurship is like a computer game in which you have to master every level before achieving success. Startups repeatedly stumble and have to go back to the drawing board. The best way to skip some levels and to increase the odds of survival is to learn from others who have already played the game. --Vivek Wadhwa
By now, you've probably caught on to something: my mother is always standing by with just the right Scripture or inspirational saying to get me through any tough situation. --Gabby Douglas
No one who achieves success does so without acknowledging the help of others. The wise and confident acknowledge this help with gratitude. --Alfred North Whitehead
Honesty and loyalty are key. If two people can be honest with each other about everything, that's probably the biggest key to success. --Taylor Lautner
I think the end goal, hopefully, is to take advantage of the attention I've gotten along the way and use it for good and build some communities, and as I get older I can continue to do things and be surrounded by things that are inspirational to me. --Reggie Watts
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky. --Rabindranath Tagore
It's our nature: Human beings like success but they hate successful people. --Carrot Top
There's no one particular road that will lead you to success. I think everybody will find it differently. --Marina and the Diamonds
Success is about enjoying what you have and where you are, while pursuing achievable goals. --Bo Bennett
The three ordinary things that we often don't pay enough attention to, but which I believe are the drivers of all success, are hard work, perseverance, and basic honesty. --Azim Premji
Failure is the key to success; each mistake teaches us something. --Morihei Ueshiba
Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming. --John Wooden
Change can either challenge or threaten us. Your beliefs pave your way to success or block you. --Marsha Sinetar
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do. --Henry Ford
The key to success is to keep growing in all areas of life - mental, emotional, spiritual, as well as physical. --Julius Erving
It's both rebellion and conformity that attack you with success. --Amy Tan
I like motivational books, because I like the go-getting American spirit - your destiny is in your own hands, life is what you make it, don't accept your limitations, jump before you're pushed, leap before you look. --Louise Mensch
I believe that if one always looked at the skies, one would end up with wings. --Gustave Flaubert
Though I had success in my research both when I was mad and when I was not, eventually I felt that my work would be better respected if I thought and acted like a 'normal' person. --John Forbes Nash, Jr.
Benazir Bhutto was an inspirational leader and an inspirational woman. --Malala Yousafzai
Success is blocked by concentrating on it and planning for it... Success is shy - it won't come out while you're watching. --Tennessee Williams
I wish the Peace Corps and its volunteers continued success and perseverance. We are grateful for their contributions to society and dedication to providing assistance where it is needed. May the Peace Corps continue its legacy of service, both at home and abroad. --Kenny Marchant
We must walk consciously only part way toward our goal, and then leap in the dark to our success. --Henry David Thoreau
Ambition is the path to success, persistence is the vehicle you arrive in. --William Eardley IV
There is an immutable conflict at work in life and in business, a constant battle between peace and chaos. Neither can be mastered, but both can be influenced. How you go about that is the key to success. --Phil Knight
The weeds keep multiplying in our garden, which is our mind ruled by fear. Rip them out and call them by name. --Sylvia Browne
They succeed, because they think they can. --Virgil
There is just a lot of creativity and theatricality in performers who happen to be gay. Maybe there's a success in numbers, so by the law of averages we are going to get these jobs. --Neil Patrick Harris
Successful people breed success. --Phil Crosby
Think of yourself as on the threshold of unparalleled success. A whole, clear, glorious life lies before you. Achieve! Achieve! --Andrew Carnegie
I've done a lot of albums and I kinda know when I'm onto something that was inspirational for me to record and create, and this was one of those projects where I really enjoyed making the album. --Lee Ritenour
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours. --Henry David Thoreau
One man cannot practice many arts with success. --Plato
You do not pay the price of success, you enjoy the price of success. --Zig Ziglar
Procrastination is one of the most common and deadliest of diseases and its toll on success and happiness is heavy. --Wayne Gretzky
It's a moment that I'm after, a fleeting moment, but not a frozen moment. --Andrew Wyeth
Success is just being happy. And I try so many different things. I do a lot of different things. Because I think God has helped me to love myself. I know who God is, and I love God. --Herschel Walker
Whether you come from a council estate or a country estate, your success will be determined by your own confidence and fortitude. --Michelle Obama
Only those who have learned the power of sincere and selfless contribution experience life's deepest joy: true fulfillment. --Tony Robbins
After I won the Oscar, my salary doubled, my friends tripled, my children became more popular at school, my butcher made a pass at me, and my maid hit me up for a raise. --Shirley Jones
My store, Wine Library, outsells big national chains. How do you think we do it? It started with hustle. I always say that our success wasn't due to my hundreds of online videos about wine that went viral, but to the hours I spent talking to people online afterward, making connections and building relationships. --Gary Vaynerchuk
The funny thing about having all this so-called success is that behind it is a certain horrible emptiness. --Sam Shepard
The first and most important step toward success is the feeling that we can succeed. --Nelson Boswell
I always like a woman in power in politics. I think they're pretty inspirational in terms of looks to begin with. It's very calculated. --Chris Benz
It's not enough that I should succeed - others should fail. --David Merrick
The system that enables the most people to earn the most success is free enterprise, by matching up people's skills, interests, and abilities. In contrast, redistribution simply spreads money around. Even worse, it attenuates the ability to earn success by perverting economic incentives. --Arthur C. Brooks
Never lose sight of the fact that the most important yardstick of your success will be how you treat other people - your family, friends, and coworkers, and even strangers you meet along the way. --Barbara Bush
Failures to heroic minds are the stepping stones to success. --Thomas Chandler Haliburton
The way a team plays as a whole determines its success. You may have the greatest bunch of individual stars in the world, but if they don't play together, the club won't be worth a dime. --Babe Ruth
When I ran the stock exchange, it was the most successful it's been in its 200-plus-year history. And I was rewarded for success; I would not have been rewarded if we failed. --Richard Grasso
Watches are the only jewelry men can wear, unless you're Mr. T. --Gordon Bethune
Our success educationally, industrially and politically is based upon the protection of a nation founded by ourselves. And the nation can be nowhere else but in Africa. --Marcus Garvey
I'm better than P. T. Barnum and Colonel Parker put together. --Evel Knievel
I want to be motivational and inspirational for everybody: my big aim is more women on bicycles. --Marianne Vos
What is success? It is a toy balloon among children armed with pins. --Gene Fowler
As my father used to tell me, the only true sign of success in life is being able to do for a living that which makes you happy. --Al Yankovic
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it. --Edith Wharton
I don't like being choreographed to a T. I like to take steps and make them my own. --John Cameron Mitchell
Memories of our lives, of our works and our deeds will continue in others. --Rosa Parks
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. There's no point in being a damn fool about it. --W. C. Fields
No self-respecting woman should wish or work for the success of a party who ignores her sex. --Susan B. Anthony
Success is not a destination, but the road that you're on. Being successful means that you're working hard and walking your walk every day. You can only live your dream by working hard towards it. That's living your dream. --Marlon Wayans
Failure is a part of success. --Hank Aaron
The measure of success is not whether you have a tough problem to deal with, but whether it is the same problem you had last year. --John Foster Dulles
Raising children is an uncertain thing; success is reached only after a life of battle and worry. --Democritus
The secret of success is to be in harmony with existence, to be always calm to let each wave of life wash us a little farther up the shore. --Cyril Connolly
We relish news of our heroes, forgetting that we are extraordinary to somebody too. --Helen Hayes
My success isn't a result of arrogance - it's a result of belief. --Conor McGregor
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible. --Francis of Assisi
The essential elements of giving are power and love - activity and affection - and the consciousness of the race testifies that in the high and appropriate exercise of these is a blessedness greater than any other. --Mark Hopkins
The only thing I'm addicted to is winning. This bootleg cult, arrogantly referred to as Alcoholics Anonymous, reports a 5 percent success rate. My success rate is 100 percent. --Charlie Sheen
Few things are more important to each individual's future success or to our nation's prosperity than education. --Mark Kennedy
The secret of our success is that we never, never give up. --Wilma Mankiller
It's good to test yourself and develop your talents and ambitions as fully as you can and achieve greater success; but I think success is the feeling you get from a job well done, and the key thing is to do the work. --Peter Thiel
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. --George S. Patton
Don't think, just do. --Horace
I'd rather be a failure at something I love than a success at something I hate. --George Burns
My father was an immigrant who literally walked across Europe to get out of Russia. He fought in World War I. He was wounded in action. My father was a great success even though he never had money. He was a very determined man, a great role model. --Arlen Specter
Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, you've got to start young. --Theodore Roosevelt
In hindsight, I slid into arrogance based upon past success. --Reed Hastings
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure. --Mark Twain
To design the future effectively, you must first let go of your past. --Charles J. Givens
If someone says 'grunge' or 'punk,' you know what the sound is, but if you say 'No Wave,' it's kind of mysterious. That was the most interesting part and should have been the most inspirational thing about it... here's this collective sonic insanity, and none of it sounds anything alike. --Lydia Lunch
Success is the sweetest revenge. --Vanessa Williams
The time I had waited probably made the difference between success and failure. --Anna Neagle
There is progress whether ye are going forward or backward! The thing is to move! --Edgar Cayce
Well, you would have to say what is the criteria to determine the success of any merger? It would have to be that the companies are stronger financially, that they took market share, and they are on a very steady footing in terms of their performance. --Kevin Rollins
Success is a process, a quality of mind and way of being, an outgoing affirmation of life. --Alex Noble
Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties. --Helen Keller
Happy people are ignoramuses and glory is nothing else but success, and to achieve it one only has to be cunning. --Mikhail Lermontov
Whenever an individual or a business decides that success has been attained, progress stops. --Thomas J. Watson
Formula for success: rise early, work hard, strike oil. --J. Paul Getty
The best way out is always through. --Robert Frost
We're not afraid of risking what was our success yesterday in order to explore some new field. We're adventurous. We like the challenge of unknown territory, unknown artistic field, and that's what stimulates us. --Guy Laliberte
Personal satisfaction is the most important ingredient of success. --Denis Waitley
Brand is not a product, that's for sure; it's not one item. It's an idea, it's a theory, it's a meaning, it's how you carry yourself. It's aspirational, it's inspirational. --Kevin Plank
Life affords no higher pleasure than that of surmounting difficulties, passing from one step of success to another, forming new wishes and seeing them gratified. --Samuel Johnson
When you delegate work to the member of the team, your job is to clearly frame success and describe the objectives. --Steven Sinofsky
What great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail? --Robert H. Schuller
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way. --Christopher Morley
I grew up in a bookless house - my parents didn't read poetry, so if I hadn't had the chance to experience it at school I'd never have experienced it. But I loved English, and I was very lucky in that I had inspirational English teachers, Miss Scriven and Mr. Walker, and they liked us to learn poems by heart, which I found I loved doing. --Carol Ann Duffy
To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded. --Bessie Anderson Stanley
You weren't born just to live a life and to die; you were born to accomplish something specifically. Matter of fact, success is making it to the end of your purpose; that is success... Success is not just existing. Success is making it to the end of why you were born. --Myles Munroe
The supreme quality for leadership is unquestionably integrity. Without it, no real success is possible, no matter whether it is on a section gang, a football field, in an army, or in an office. --Dwight D. Eisenhower
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings. --William Blake
The culture of a workplace - an organization's values, norms and practices - has a huge impact on our happiness and success. --Adam Grant
Success for me means being able to work. I don't look at so much at what I've done as much as I look to what I will do. --Phylicia Rashad
Fear of failure, it's the greatest motivational tool. It drives me and drives me and drives me. --Jerry West
The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents. --Salvador Dali
Success is where preparation and opportunity meet. --Bobby Unser
Discipline is the soul of an army. It makes small numbers formidable; procures success to the weak, and esteem to all. --George Washington
To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders. --Lao Tzu
I'm different, and I have to be a warrior to be that way. But I have had some success; I hope I have touched the lives of some wonderful people, all by being what I see as myself but some others people see as different. --Johnny Weir
Honesty and integrity are absolutely essential for success in life - all areas of life. The really good news is that anyone can develop both honesty and integrity. --Zig Ziglar
I'm still craving approval from my parents. It took a lot of success for me to realize it was never coming. It's just not in their nature. --Andrew Stanton
There is little success where there is little laughter. --Andrew Carnegie
Every day is a new opportunity. You can build on yesterday's success or put its failures behind and start over again. That's the way life is, with a new game every day, and that's the way baseball is. --Bob Feller
Keep your feet on the ground, but let your heart soar as high as it will. Refuse to be average or to surrender to the chill of your spiritual environment. --Arthur Helps
The number of stressors has multiplied exponentially: traffic, money, success, work/life balance, the economy, the environment, parenting, family conflict, relationships, disease. As the nature of human life has become far more complicated, our ancient stress response hasn't been able to keep up. --Andrew J. Bernstein
Money won't create success, the freedom to make it will. --Nelson Mandela
Young people need the hands-on training that comes with a summer job. They need to know how to dress for success and nail job interviews. But most of all, they need mentorship, guidance, and inspiration. --Hilda Solis
There is nothing impossible to him who will try. --Alexander the Great
Success is only meaningful and enjoyable if it feels like your own. --Michelle Obama
Success is the progressive realization of predetermined, worthwhile, personal goals. --Paul J. Meyer
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door. --Milton Berle
When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go. --Carol Burnett
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking. --William Butler Yeats
I like to put on hardcore when I have to clean my apartment, which I hate to do, but it's motivational. I like old heavy metal when I'm outside working on my car. Music has definite functions for me. --Peter Steele
Success is steady progress toward one's personal goals. --Jim Rohn
Give Obama a script he has made his own, and he is the motivational speaker to end all speakers. Tony Robbins cloned with Honest Abe. --Tina Brown
The moment we believe that success is determined by an ingrained level of ability as opposed to resilience and hard work, we will be brittle in the face of adversity. --Joshua Waitzkin
There's no escalators - there's only staircases to success. There is no substitute for hard work. --Lilly Singh
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality. --Plutarch
People tell you the world looks a certain way. Parents tell you how to think. Schools tell you how to think. TV. Religion. And then at a certain point, if you're lucky, you realize you can make up your own mind. Nobody sets the rules but you. You can design your own life. --Carrie-Anne Moss
Failure is not our only punishment for laziness; there is also the success of others. --Jules Renard
The Wright brothers flew right through the smoke screen of impossibility. --Charles Kettering
Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go. --William Feather
To be ready to fail is to be prepared for success. --Jose Bergamin
They can conquer who believe they can. --Virgil
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you. --Walt Whitman
I think baking is very rewarding, and if you follow a good recipe, you will get success. --Mary Berry
Do your little bit of good where you are; it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world. --Desmond Tutu
Every city across the country that has successfully renewed and revitalized itself points to a robust education system as its fundamental key to success. --Alan Autry
Divorce is never a pleasant experience. You look upon it as a failure. But I learned to be a different person once we broke up. Sometimes you learn more from failure than you do from success. --Michael Crawford
Half a century ago, the amazing courage of Rosa Parks, the visionary leadership of Martin Luther King, and the inspirational actions of the civil rights movement led politicians to write equality into the law and make real the promise of America for all her citizens. --David Cameron
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success! --Doug Larson
Challenge is the pathway to engagement and progress in our lives. But not all challenges are created equal. Some challenges make us feel alive, engaged, connected, and fulfilled. Others simply overwhelm us. Knowing the difference as you set bigger and bolder challenges for yourself is critical to your sanity, success, and satisfaction. --Brendon Burchard
Success is a terrible thing and a wonderful thing. If you can enjoy it, it's wonderful. If it starts eating away at you, and they're waiting for more from me, or what can I do to top this, then you're in trouble. Just do what you love. That's all I want to do. --Gene Wilder
Humility is the true key to success. Successful people lose their way at times. They often embrace and overindulge from the fruits of success. Humility halts this arrogance and self-indulging trap. Humble people share the credit and wealth, remaining focused and hungry to continue the journey of success. --Rick Pitino
If people ask me for the ingredients of success, I say one is talent, two is stubbornness or determination, and third is sheer luck. You have to have two out of the three. Any two will probably do. --Fred Saberhagen
The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder. --Richard Bach
Once I knew only darkness and stillness... my life was without past or future... but a little word from the fingers of another fell into my hand that clutched at emptiness, and my heart leaped to the rapture of living. --Helen Keller
Success is simple. Do what's right, the right way, at the right time. --Arnold H. Glasow
We do not realise that we are children of eternity. If we did, then success would be no success, and failure would be no failure to us. --Joseph Barber Lightfoot
Well, certainly one of the ironies of the success of affirmative action is that the middle class within the black community no longer lives within 'black community' by and large. --Henry Louis Gates
All my music is inspirational. You just gotta listen to the words and get what you can get out of it. --Young Jeezy
Nobody travels on the road to success without a puncture or two. --Navjot Singh Sidhu
Our success in Singapore was a Herculean effort by the whole team. Now I am determined to deliver on all we promised. I will be watching like a hawk. --Sebastian Coe
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want. --Muhammad Ali
Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best of which you are capable. --John Wooden
One goes through school, college, medical school and one's internship learning little or nothing about goodness but a good deal about success. --Ashley Montagu
If you create incredible value and information for others that can change their lives - and you always stay focused on that service - the financial success will follow. --Brendon Burchard
Winning isn't everything, but it beats anything in second place. --William C. Bryant
Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds. --Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money. --Johnny Cash
The cost of our success is the exhaustion of natural resources, leading to energy crises, climate change, pollution, and the destruction of our habitat. If you exhaust natural resources, there will be nothing left for your children. If we continue in the same direction, humankind is headed for some frightful ordeals, if not extinction. --Christian de Duve
One of the rewards of success is freedom, the ability to do whatever you like. --Sting
How can they say my life is not a success? Have I not for more than sixty years got enough to eat and escaped being eaten? --Logan Pearsall Smith
Belief creates the actual fact. --William James
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today! --William Allen White
If you always put limit on everything you do, physical or anything else. It will spread into your work and into your life. There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them. --Bruce Lee
Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort. --Franklin D. Roosevelt
Achieve success in any area of life by identifying the optimum strategies and repeating them until they become habits. --Charles J. Givens
If you're going through hell, keep going. --Winston Churchill
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will. --Vince Lombardi
Just remember, you can't climb the ladder of success with your hands in your pockets. --Arnold Schwarzenegger
We fall forward to succeed. --Mary Kay Ash
The American Dream is one of success, home ownership, college education for one's children, and have a secure job to provide these and other goals. --Leonard Boswell
Success requires first expending ten units of effort to produce one unit of results. Your momentum will then produce ten units of results with each unit of effort. --Charles J. Givens
Success is not a function of the size of your title but the richness of your contribution. --Robin S. Sharma
Success is full of promise till one gets it, and then it seems like a nest from which the bird has flown. --Henry Ward Beecher
All I can do will only ever be a faint image of what I see and my success will always be less than my failure or perhaps equal to the failure. --Alberto Giacometti
It is the combination of reasonable talent and the ability to keep going in the face of defeat that leads to success. --Martin Seligman
Tomorrow is the most important thing in life. Comes into us at midnight very clean. It's perfect when it arrives and it puts itself in our hands. It hopes we've learned something from yesterday. --John Wayne
Whatever you vividly imagine, ardently desire, sincerely believe, and enthusiastically act upon... must inevitably come to pass! --Paul J. Meyer
Being happy is of the utmost importance. Success in anything is through happiness. --Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
I tried out various experiments described in treatises on physics and chemistry, and the results were sometimes unexpected. At times, I would be encouraged by a little unhoped-for success; at others, I would be in the deepest despair because of accidents and failures resulting from my inexperience. --Marie Curie
One might think that the money value of an invention constitutes its reward to the man who loves his work. But... I continue to find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the world calls success. --Thomas A. Edison
In the end, you make your reputation and you have your success based upon credibility and being able to provide people who are really hungry for information what they want. --Brit Hume
Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. --Johnny Carson
My childhood, adolescence and high school days are unusually important. If there has ever been a time that I developed a uniqueness and sense of humor and the ability to organize, it was then. In those early days, I developed the skills that gave me a certain degree of success in American politics. --Lee Atwater
Why be a man when you can be a success? --Bertolt Brecht
Nothing succeeds like the appearance of success. --Christopher Lasch
I thought 'Moulin Rouge' was inspirational, and 'Jesus Christ Superstar' I loved. --Pierce Brosnan
Your personal life, your professional life, and your creative life are all intertwined. I went through a few very difficult years where I felt like a failure. But it was actually really important for me to go through that. Struggle, for me, is the most inspirational thing in the world at the end of the day - as long as you treat it that way. --Skylar Grey
The leaders who we admire who have been able to bring great change in the past - Gandhi, Martin Luther King, Nelson Mandela - they're all inspirational religious leaders and smart tacticians. It would be nice to find the Muslim Gandhi, wouldn't it? --Dennis C. Blair
Much effort, much prosperity. --Euripides
The real success in golf lies in turning three shots into two. --Bobby Locke
Don't confuse fame with success. Madonna is one; Helen Keller is the other. --Erma Bombeck
Of all things visible, the highest is the heaven of the fixed stars. --Nicolaus Copernicus
Future peace, prosperity and confidence depend not just on ourselves but on the success of all nations. Hence, we are all partners, no matter what our backgrounds, cultures, faiths and histories. --Hassanal Bolkiah
A rejection is nothing more than a necessary step in the pursuit of success. --Bo Bennett
Reach for it. Push yourself as far as you can. --Christa McAuliffe
Our goals can only be reached through a vehicle of a plan, in which we must fervently believe, and upon which we must vigorously act. There is no other route to success. --Pablo Picasso
Religious speech is extreme, emotional, and motivational. It is anti-literal, relying on metaphor, allusion, and other rhetorical devices, and it assumes knowledge within a community of believers. --Amy Waldman
Despite the success cult, men are most deeply moved not by the reaching of the goal but by the grandness of the effort involved in getting there - or failing to get there. --Max Lerner
My tastes and inspirational artists were always rather eclectic and diverse. --Taylor Dayne
If a man has been his mother's undisputed darling he retains throughout life the triumphant feeling, the confidence in success, which not seldom brings actual success along with it. --Sigmund Freud
If the world seems cold to you, kindle fires to warm it. --Lucy Larcom
If you want to be truly successful invest in yourself to get the knowledge you need to find your unique factor. When you find it and focus on it and persevere your success will blossom. --Sydney Madwed
Your success depends mainly upon what you think of yourself and whether you believe in yourself. --William J. H. Boetcker
I had hoped when my life was chronicled, it would be an inspirational story. --Om Puri
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail. --Benjamin Franklin
We all obviously need others to look up to, and be inspirational to us. Ford did a great job as far as putting the presidency back where it belonged, getting the trust back after Nixon. And President Reagan has been one of the most influential presidents. --Steve Garvey
Two roads diverged in a wood and I - I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. --Robert Frost
My first book was called, 'Mountain, Get Out of My Way,' where I did an autobiographical sketch, if you will, looking back at myself and looking back at things in my life, and juxtaposing them against things that are happening in other people's lives and trying to be motivational. --Montel Williams
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. --Anne Frank
We should measure welfare's success by how many people leave welfare, not by how many are added. --Ronald Reagan
Roosevelt's declaration that Americans had 'nothing to fear but fear itself' was a glorious piece of inspirational rhetoric and just as gloriously wrong. --Russell Baker
Enjoying success requires the ability to adapt. Only by being open to change will you have a true opportunity to get the most from your talent. --Nolan Ryan
'Tis pleasant, sure, to see one's name in print. A book's a book, although there's nothing in 't. --Lord Byron
Faith is love taking the form of aspiration. --William Ellery Channing
Success in training the boy depends largely on the Scoutmaster's own personal example. --Robert Baden-Powell
When I was working at the Sprint store, I got laid off. I was bummed out, but I stayed positive. I used the money I had earned while working there to make my first album. Without that job, maybe 'Corazon Sin Cara' would never had been made. It's a very inspirational story. --Prince Royce
Applause waits on success. --Benjamin Franklin
Health is the greatest possession. Contentment is the greatest treasure. Confidence is the greatest friend. Non-being is the greatest joy. --Lao Tzu
Good ideas are like Nike sports shoes. They may facilitate success for an athlete who possesses them, but on their own they are nothing but an overpriced pair of sneakers. Sports shoes don't win races. Athletes do. --Felix Dennis
I am not a has-been. I am a will be. --Lauren Bacall
To be a good loser is to learn how to win. --Carl Sandburg
Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago. --Warren Buffett
Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them. --Vincent McNabb
Being kind is the most important thing I've ever been taught. That's what my parents always told me - more important than ambition or success is being kind to people. The cornerstone of my life. What I aspire to is to be kind. --Rafe Spall
The development of our human resources is an area in which we need to do well as it is decisive in determining the success of our diversification programme. --Hassanal Bolkiah
Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors where there were only walls. --Joseph Campbell
Step by step and the thing is done. --Charles Atlas
I learned that we can do anything, but we can't do everything... at least not at the same time. So think of your priorities not in terms of what activities you do, but when you do them. Timing is everything. --Dan Millman
You don't look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you. --Alan Watts
How does one measure the success of a museum? --J. Paul Getty
Your positive action combined with positive thinking results in success. --Shiv Khera
One of the things that happens in the business is that success is a very strange thing in that if you are involved in something very successful the next person wants you to repeat it. --Elmer Bernstein
Success doesn't mean that you are healthy, success doesn't mean that you're happy, success doesn't mean that you're rested. Success really doesn't mean that you look good, or feel good, or are good. --Victoria Principal
Tell me, why is the media here so negative? Why are we in India so embarrassed to recognise our own strengths, our achievements? We are such a great nation. We have so many amazing success stories but we refuse to acknowledge them. Why? --A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Success is 99 percent failure. --Soichiro Honda
Well I think any author or musician is anxious to have legitimate sales of their products, partly so they're rewarded for their success, partly so they can go on and do new things. --Bill Gates
Basically, when you get to my age, you'll really measure your success in life by how many of the people you want to have love you actually do love you. --Warren Buffett
Every story I create, creates me. I write to create myself. --Octavia E. Butler
Success is a great deodorant. --Elizabeth Taylor
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself. --Napoleon Hill
Success and failure are equally disastrous. --Tennessee Williams
What's on my playlist when I'm fighting is not so much hip-hop. Sometimes, it's something more inspirational. I get a chance to think about what I'm fighting for, like, my family. It takes me to that state because a lot of times, it's a spiritual warfare for me. --Tyron Woodley
The government will see that human spaceflight is useful - for science and the economy - and inspirational. --Helen Sharman
Nothing good comes in life or athletics unless a lot of hard work has preceded the effort. Only temporary success is achieved by taking short cuts. --Roger Staubach
We've stayed really normal and down to Earth I think, and haven't let the success thing go to our head. --Ashley Olsen
Success - keeping your mind awake and your desire asleep. --Walter Scott
I want to build a legacy at the WWE, but I definitely want to continue to grow the Bella Empire. I want it to go beyond the ring. I would love to be a motivational speaker. --Nikki Bella
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you. --Nathaniel Hawthorne
My success just evolved from working hard at the business at hand each day. --Johnny Carson
True success is overcoming the fear of being unsuccessful. --Paul Sweeney
There are physical characteristics which are inherited. These include things like good looks, high intelligence, physical coordination. These attributes contribute to success in life, and success in life is a determinant of optimism. --Martin Seligman
Part of the secret of a success in life is to eat what you like and let the food fight it out inside. --Mark Twain
Before success comes in any man's life, he's sure to meet with much temporary defeat and, perhaps some failures. When defeat overtakes a man, the easiest and the most logical thing to do is to quit. That's exactly what the majority of men do. --Napoleon Hill
It is not the style of clothes one wears, neither the kind of automobile one drives, nor the amount of money one has in the bank, that counts. These mean nothing. It is simply service that measures success. --George Washington Carver
It doesn't matter whether you are pursuing success in business, sports, the arts, or life in general: The bridge between wishing and accomplishing is discipline. --Harvey Mackay
Money does not guarantee success. --Jose Mourinho
I feel lucky because I was a nerd, which I talk about in the book, but I had academic success, so through that, because that's what my parents put a great deal of value on, I had a great childhood because I sort of fulfilled the expectations of being good at school. --Mindy Kaling
Israel was not created in order to disappear - Israel will endure and flourish. It is the child of hope and the home of the brave. It can neither be broken by adversity nor demoralized by success. It carries the shield of democracy and it honors the sword of freedom. --John F. Kennedy
I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often. --Brian Tracy
Ultimately, leadership is not about glorious crowning acts. It's about keeping your team focused on a goal and motivated to do their best to achieve it, especially when the stakes are high and the consequences really matter. It is about laying the groundwork for others' success, and then standing back and letting them shine. --Chris Hadfield
Elegance is not a dispensable luxury but a factor that decides between success and failure. --Edsger Dijkstra
In business, you can have one massive success that earns $50 million overnight, and that's it. You're successful. End of story. But in the music business, you have to keep on doing it. --Noel Gallagher
From what we get, we can make a living; what we give, however, makes a life. --Arthur Ashe
If you look at a building by Mies van der Rohe, it might look very simple, but up close, the sheer quality of construction, materials and thought are inspirational. --David Chipperfield
I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than You, and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world. --Judy Collins
I'm very fond of the British cinema. I'm a big fan of Martin Campbell and Daniel Craig. I actually find Daniel very inspirational, especially on the physical side of things. He really inspired me to get back into shape when I started to add on a few pounds. I think he's a great role model. --Steven Bauer
I suppose your security is your success and your key to success is your fine palate. --Gordon Ramsay
The secret of success is sincerity. --Jean Giraudoux
In actuality, California could be a wonderful place to live. In fact, if you're highly educated and ambitious, you can do quite well here while enjoying the sun and the fun. The only problem: California will then blame you for your success and recommend that all your cash be removed from you. --Ben Shapiro
My dad told me, 'It takes fifteen years to be an overnight success', and it took me seventeen and a half years. --Adrien Brody
The breaking of a wave cannot explain the whole sea. --Vladimir Nabokov
Go out and do something. It isn't your room that's a prison, it's yourself. --Sylvia Plath
A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart. --Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Nobody knows what you feel inside unless you tell them. --Banksy
Do it or don't do it  -  you will regret both. --S\u00f8ren Kierkegaard
The saddest thing that can happen to a person is to find out their memories are lies. --Juan Gabriel V\u00e1squez
You are beautiful because you let yourself feel, and that is a brave thing indeed. --Shinji Moon
New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings. --Lao Tzu
People think you're crazy if you talk about things they don't understand. --Elvis Presley
You are not free until you have no need to impress anybody. --Joyce Meyer
Whatever it is you're seeking won't come in the form you're expecting. --Haruki Murakami
Don't be afraid. There are exquisite things in store for you. This is merely the beginning. --Oscar Wilde
People grow when they are loved well. If you want to help others heal, love them without an agenda. --Mike McHargue
The truth is rarely pure and never simple. --Oscar Wilde
People do not seem to realise that their opinion of the world is also a confession of their character. --Ralph Waldo Emerson
We are all broken, that's how the light gets in. --Ernest Hemingway
Having a soft heart in a cruel world is courage, not weakness. --Katherine Henson
It's so much darker when a light goes out than it would have been if it had never shone. --John Steinbeck
Don't allow your wounds to turn you into a person you are not. --Paulo Coelho
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot. --Michael Atshuler
A work well begun is half-ended. --Plato
When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock, perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that last blow that did it, but all that had gone before. --Jacob Riis
We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life. --Edwin Markham
Ideas are a dime a dozen. People who implement them are priceless. --Mary Kay Ash
Purpose and laughter are the twins that must not separate. Each is empty without the other. --Robert Greenleaf
The only thing even in this world is the number of hours in a day. The difference in winning or losing is what you do with those hours. --Woody Hayes
Life offers no guarantees... just choices; no certainty... but consequences; no predictable outcomes... just the privilege of pursuit. --Tim Connor
No pessimist ever discovered the secret of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new doorway for the human spirit. --Helen Keller
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.  --Jim Rohn
The dream is free. The hustle is sold separately. --Unknown
Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart. --Steve Jobs
You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have. --Maya Angelou
I always did something I was a little not ready to do. I think that's how you grow. When there's that moment of, \u2018Wow, I'm not really sure I can do this,' and you push through those moments, that's when you have a breakthrough. --Marissa Mayer
Never let go of that fiery sadness called desire. --Patti Smith
Challenges are gifts that force us to search for a new center of gravity. Don't fight them. Just find a new way to stand. --Oprah Winfrey
What would you do if you weren't afraid? --Sheryl Sandberg
I don't count my sit-ups; I only start counting when it starts hurting because they're the only ones that count. --Muhammad Ali
One, remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Two, never give up work. Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it. Three, if you are lucky enough to find love, remember it is there and don't throw it away. --Stephen Hawking
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. --Steve Jobs
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. --Thomas Edison
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. --Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary. --Jim Rohn
Music doesn't lie. If there is something to be changed in this world, then it can only happen through music. --Jimi Hendrix
When all the original blues guys are gone, you start to realize that someone has to tend to the tradition. I recognize that I have some responsibility to keep the music alive, and it's a pretty honorable position to be in. --Eric Clapton
A guitar is like an old friend that is there with me. --B.B. King
To achieve great things, two things are needed; a plan, and not quite enough time. --Leonard Bernstein
I am hitting my head against the walls, but the walls are giving way. --Gustav Mahler
I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas. I'm frightened of the old ones. --John Cage
Imagination creates reality. --Richard Wagner
Please, no matter how we advance technologically, please don't abandon the book. There is nothing in our material world more beautiful than the book. --Patti Smith
Music is my religion. -- Jimi Hendrix
There is nothing permanent except change. --Heraclitus
Nothing exists except atoms and empty space; everything else is just opinion. --Democritus
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. --Michael Jordan
Fear is not evil. It tells you what weakness is. And once you know your weakness, you can become stronger as well as kinder. --Unknown
Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin. --Mother Teresa
Time is a created thing. To say 'I don't have time,' is like saying, 'I don't want to'. --Lao Tzu
Simplicity is a great virtue but it requires hard work to achieve it and education to appreciate it. And to make matters worse: complexity sells better. --Edsger W. Dijkstra
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know. -- Ernest Hemingway
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. --Mahatma Gandhi
Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad. --Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
If something stands between you and your success, move it. Never be denied. --Dwayne \u201cThe Rock\u201d Johnson, professional wrestler and actor
You dream. You plan. You reach. There will be obstacles. There will be doubters. There will be mistakes. But with hard work, with belief, with confidence and trust in yourself and those around you, there are no limits. --Michael Phelps, swimmer and Olympic gold medalist
Bodybuilding is an art, your body is the canvas, weights are your brush and nutrition is your paint. We all have the ability to turn a self-portrait into a masterpiece. --Kai Greene
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. --Arnold Schwarzenegger
 I hated every minute of training, but I said, \u201dDon't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion. --Mahummad Ali
When one person hesitates because he feels inferior, the other is busy making mistakes and becoming superior --Henry C Link
The mind always fails first, not the body. The secret is to make your mind work for you, not against you. --Arnold Schwarzenegger
Go hard or go home --Phil Heath
Blood, Sweat and Respect. First Two You Give, Last One You Earn -- Dwayne Johnson | The Rock
Let Actions Do Your Talkin For You, (Unless Your Telling A Good Dirty Joke) --Dwayne Johnson | The Rock
Stay hungry, stay foolish --Steve Jobs
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much. --Oscar Wilde
Life is like riding a bicycle. In order to maintain balance, you must keep moving. --Albert Einstein
Chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken. --Warren Buffett
The most important investment you can make is in yourself. --Warren Buffett
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us. --Helen Keller
He who conquers others is strong, he who conquers himself is mighty. --Lao Tsu
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. --Mae West
Don't complain about what you don't have. Use what you've got. To be less than your best is a sin. --Oprah Winfrey
The true delight is in the finding out rather than in the knowing. --Isaac Asimov
People should pursue what they're passionate about. That will make them happier than pretty much anything else. --Elon Musk
You never lose a dream. It just incubates as a hobby. --Larry Page
If you're changing the world, you're working on important things. You're excited to get up in the morning. --Larry Page
The biggest risk is not taking any risk... In a world that changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks. --Mark Zuckerberg
Move fast and break things. Unless you are breaking stuff, you are not moving fast enough. --Mark Zuckerberg
That brain of mine is something more than merely mortal, as time will show. --Ada Lovelace
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. --Oscar Wilde
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. --Oscar Wilde
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be. --Douglas Adams
The impossible often has a kind of integrity which the merely improbable lacks. --Douglas Adams
Sometimes I think we're alone in the universe, and sometimes I think we're not. In either case the idea is quite staggering. --Arthur C. Clarke
Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past. --George Orwell
If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear. --George Orwell
Life is tough but so are you. --Anonymous
Everyday may not be good but there is something good in everyday. --Anonymous
Be the reason someone smiles today. --Anonymous
Comfort is the enemy of achievement. --Farrah Gray
Luck is where opportunity meets preparation. --Seneca
Courage is knowing what not to fear. --Plato
The measure of a man is what he does with power. --Plato
The beginning is the most important part of the work. --Plato
Today is not the day I die. --Oberyn Martell
I don't stop when I am tired, I stop when I am done. --James Bond
Rhetoric is the art of ruling the minds of men. --Plato
Philosophy is the highest music. --Plato
All men's souls are immortal, but the souls of the righteous are immortal and divine. --Socrates
You have to be odd to be number one. --Dr. Suess
Life happens wherever you are, whether you make it or not. --Iroh
It is usually best to admit mistakes when they occur, and to seek to restore honor.. --Iroh
Sometimes the best way to solve your own problems is to help someone else. --Iroh
Push yourself because no one else is going to do it for you. --Unknown
Your goals don't care how you feel. --Unknown
Sweat is fat crying. --Unknown
Be better than you were yesterday. --Unknown
Rome wasn't built in a day. --Unknown
Acting like you don\u0092t care is not letting it go --Penelope Douglas
If a writer falls in love with you, you can never die. --Mik Everett
Don\u0092t lose a woman that has seen your flaws and still loves you. --Nizar Qabbani
All suffering originates from craving, from attachment, from desire. --Edgar Allan Poe
Stop letting people who do so little for you control so much of your mind and emotions. --Will Smith
You don\u0092t have to explain your dreams, they belong to you. --Paulo Coelho
Sometimes not telling people anything is a good thing. --Jason Myers
The more you love, the more you suffer. --Vincent van Gogh
It always takes two. For relationships to work, for them to break apart, for them to be fixed. --Emily Giffin
It\u0092s better to have nobody than someone who is half there, or who doesn\u0092t want to be there. --Angelina Jolie
Don\u0092t settle. Don\u0092t finish crappy books. If you don\u0092t like the menu, leave the restaurant. If you\u0092re not on the right path, get off it. --Chris Brogan
We all romanticize the people we adore. --John Green
The cure for anything is salt water. Sweat, tears or the ocean. --Isak Dinesen
Ten years from now, make sure you can say that you chose your life, you didn\u0092t settle for it. --Mandy Hale
People will love you. People will hate you. And none of it will have anything to do with you. --Abraham Hicks
Never apologize for burning too brightly or collapsing into yourself every night. That is how galaxies are made. --Tyler Kent White
Eventually soul mates meet, for they have the same hiding place. --Robert Brault
Do the scary thing first, and get scared later. --Lemony Snicket
When you have a bad day, a really bad day, try and treat the world better than it treated you. --Patrick Stump
You are not weak just because your heart feels so heavy. --Andrea Gibson
The way to get started is to quit talking ans begin doing. --Walt Disney Company
Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular. --Roy T. Bennett
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world. --Roy T. Bennett
Create. Not for the money. Not for the fame. Not for the recognition. But for the pure joy of creating something and sharing it. --Ernest Barbaric
Champions extend their limits and make things happen. --Amit Ray
Anyone can exist. Most fools do. It takes guts to truly Live. --RMV
Pour on, I will endure. --William Shakespeare
This feat I also had no idea how to accomplish, but ignorance had never stopped me from taking action before. --Viet Thanh Nguyen
Sacred joy exists in any suffering. --Lailah Gift Akita
Many people will try to Sell you a Dream, its Your place to let them know you Already have one --Kalon Jackson
You cannot move things by not moving. --Suzy Kassem
Butterflies don't know their wings' Colors, but others see their Splendor. --Mohith Agadi
If you want to be successful, put yourself in a discomfort zone. --Sharfaraz Ahmed
Sometimes all the players get a bad hand. You just have to be determined enough to see the game through. --Dean Wilson
Despair and disappointment are the parent of countless inspired, inspiring, triumphant creations. --Rasheed Ogunlaru
There is a miracle in your mess, don't let the mess make you miss the miracle. --Patience Johnson
Wishes don't bring riches; work make things work. --Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha
If you know your goal and work for it you will reach the peak. --Jounayet Rahman
Believe you can and you're half way there. --Theodore Roosevelt
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it. --Steve Jobs
Quality is much better than quantity. One home run is much better than two doubles. --Steve Jobs
You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever.This approach has never let me down. --Steve Jobs
Hard work spotlights the character of people: some turn up their sleeves, some turn up their noses, and some don't turn up at all. --Sam Ewing
If you live long enough, you'll make mistakes. But if you learn from them, you'll be a better person. It's how you handle adversity, not how it affects you. The main thing is never quit, never quit, never quit. --Bill Clinton
If you give people tools, and they use their natural abilities and their curiosity, they will develop things in ways that will surprise you very much beyond what you might have expected. --Bill Gates
It's fine to celebrate success, but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure. --Bill Gates
I'm a greater believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. --Thomas Jefferson
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did. --Newt Gingrich
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work. --Stephen King
It's hard to beat a person who never gives up. --Babe Ruth
The future rewards those who press on. I don't have time to feel sorry for myself. I don't have time to complain. I'm going to press on. --Barack Obama
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek. --Barack Obama
The reason a lot of people do not recognize opportunity is because it usually goes around wearing overalls looking like hard work. --Thomas A. Edison
I do not know anyone who has got to the top without hard work. That is the recipe. It will not always get you to the top, but it should get you pretty near. --Margaret Thatcher
Nothing ever comes to one, that is worth having, except as a result of hard work. --Booker T. Washington
When I was young, I observed that nine out of ten things I did were failures. So I did ten times more work. --George Bernard Shaw
Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don't recognize them. --Ann Landers
For every two minutes of glamour, there are eight hours of hard work. --Jessica Savitch
I've got a theory that if you give 100 percent all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end. --Larry Bird